"Warlock 1 Warlock 1 - Doors open in 60, DZ is hot" the pilots voice breaking up in Zayana's ear, better boost the gain. "AK Raptor 7" to her squad "We hit the ground in 45, DZ is under fire. We will be taking position Hilex 24 and providing support. Or mission is to protect the civilian city behind the Ogion defense line, population 89 million" The airspeed indicator in her HUD came to life and began descending...they had entered the atmosphere. DZ in 30....she could hear explosions now, the result of the phalanx point defense guns as it knocked shells and missiles out of the air, granting them safe passage to the ground. "DZ in 15" landing thrusters roared to life and the deployment deck shook. "Warlock 1 this is COM, Draco 4-5 is retreating to Hilex 2-4 under heavy fire, provide overwatch" "AK COM", "Squad proceed to Hilex 2-4 and provide overwatch on sector NE-6" The doors opened and a familiar hell greeted Zayana, their objective was a hill 100 meters from the DZ, for now mortars meant for Warlock 1 were exploding high above them as Raptor 7's phalanx guns sent kinetic shells to intercept the mortars with flawless precision, that would change once the shuttles left. She lead them at a fast past pace straight to the foot of Hilex 2-4 "COM this is Warlock 1 we have heavy incoming mortar fire please advise on source location" "AK Warlock 1 we have their position, sending fire support" moments later the blinding flash of an antimatter explosion appeared in the distance, followed by a small mushroom cloud. "Warlock 1 mortar nest suppressed" "AK COM" Her squad was on its way up the hill, every Ogion warrior gaining elevation with easy strides. "Warlock 1 this is Raptor 7, we are dusting off and maintaining station for extraction" "AK Raptor 7" They were nearing the top the hill when an engagement warning lit up in her HUD. "Squad! Dig in!" In instant her squad had deployed into defensive positions long rifle barrels scanning the lower ground for threats, even dug in they were exposed on the hill side, they would need to move quickly "Warlock 1 this is COM be advised enemy unit approaching from 248.9 1500 meters" "AK COM" "Enemy inbound 249.1" it was master soldier Lotan "Give me a count" she already had them in view herself, they were moving fast, maybe 20. "I count 20 so far" The engagement waring in her hud was red, COM had given them guns free. "COM enemy unit designation Lula 20, is moving fast on course 78, confirm termination" "Warlock 1 terminate Lula 20" "AK COM" Lula 20 in its hurry was not bothering to take cover....such an un warlike race they must be fighting today "Squad, take them down" master soldier Lotan scored the first kill, by the time he scored his 2nd kill, half of Lula 20 had been eliminated by others, some broke for cover only to be gunned down all the easier as they turned their backs to Warlock 1. "COM, Warlock 1, Lula 20 has been eliminated" "AK Warlock 1 proceed with mission" She reached the top and the point guard was already dug in. "Friendly units are pinned down commander" below she could see Draco 4-5 highlighted as friendly units in her HUD. It looked like they had retreated as far as they could to the base of Hilex 2-4 and had set up a cross fire from the cover of rocks. The insurgent Capalan forces that claimed this city could not advance on Draco 2-4 anymore, but also Draco 2-4 could not move from their cover, time to break that stalemate. "Squad dig in and put fire down onto that enemy line" no time for subtle plans....she highlighted the nearest enemy forces for her squad. "Draco 2-4 this is Warlock 1 providing overwatch on your retreat please acknowledge" An umbrella shield had been deployed and now all of her soldiers were firing down on the enemy line.
