Neta's shot landed right between Rocho's nerve stem, it was an incredibly lucky shot...but she would never admit that. Hulan was her next victim, that hit was all skill....even she knew that. "10-7 round victory to team Toro-Hai" The game masters calling of the round took her by surprise, frustration started to well up inside of her, but quickly subsided as the 10 Imex round start counter began cycling down, 6,5...she was aware of waving hands...papa's hands, moving up. Why does he care about high ground now? Did he see the 10 kills I made? At 4 imex she started to refocus on her mission. 3, 2, 1. "BEGIN" Neta's fast paced engagement style better suites her to close support and engagement role, but like all students of the _Guardian and Sword_ Grand Simulatorium she was playing an off role this match....long range support. For her, nothing was more anxiety inducing than aiming down the narrow field of view of an image intensifier whilst perched high and in the open on the high ground...and so in an act of disobedience to her papa she did not take the high ground. Instead she terrified the enemy. She had always been fast due to her athletic training, and in the words of the master warriors, "speed kills, speed is power". With her speed she would take down opponents that never really had a chance. With a long range axe of a mandated model and orientation, she would out maneuver advancing opponent groups. Once with in what the game master would consider "medium" range Neta would engage with her weapon...relying on her skill and senses as well as the long range weapons massive stopping power take down key targets. The strategy usually worked with her team securing the objectives needed for victory. This time it did not. "10-6 match victory to team Toro-Hai" Emotions whrilled through her head and she couldn't stop them...her breathing was getting erratic and shit shouted out a local expletive "#$úūû^^" over her audio link... "Sorry...I thought we had that one", it had been her idea to run this stratagem and losing was not in the plan. The team leader had wanted her to stay in long range support...to find some high ground. She said that that her weapon was heavy, and that it might be better to stay behind the front line but would support a flanking push if she thought it would work.... It hadn't worked though. This was a mixed match and not with her normal team mates for this season though so her frustration faded quickly and her apology became sincere, the move wasn't well coordinated and probably doomed to fail. The combat simulation individual evaluation game had come to an end
