For most of the people of the galaxy Herdzona the galactic core is a cold, forbidden place. The realm is called by most Vel'Kronah, its machine inhabitants call it Sanctuary, and call themselves The Emradon Found Ones. Few biological eyes have seen past the outer core —few can due to the radiation— those that have report thousands, if not millions of moon and planet sized machines; from spheroids to ornate latices approaching the size of stars, the varieties were endless. Much of the core was dark place, with the occasional star, granted a reprieve from powering star-system sized foundries or fabrication yards. Within the deep core dwells the old ones: massive, ancient, star sized machines. Their endless girders and conduits host a cohort of servant machines. Where the younger, smaller, living machines kept to mostly spherical symmetries, the old ones formed themselves into vast shards, spirals, and planes, obeying any symmetry they wished. The Old Ones themselves were part of a cohort, a council of minds. Like their cohort served them, they too served the Father Mind, the First One, the Collector of the Lost, the Designator and Executer, the Infinite Will, Aderdon.

Deep within the core, is a great chained beast, a super massive black hole the Emradon call Vermuton, the Mother Mine. Surronding the Mother Mine are the Mazer'dedexa: six rings over two light days across. The rings are flung around the super massive event horizon, harvesting kinetic energy; built with hyper-dimensional anchors to stop gravity waves and frame dragging from ripping the rings apart. At the joints of the rings are batteries which glow with power: brighter with greater energy accumulation. The joints themselves are harvesters. Each one is at the poles of Vermuton, where jets energy, the result of matter's death throes as it is dragged into the forever abyss. When the olds ones feed Vermuton the jets, power the polar photon grids, increasing the stores of the Mother Mine.

This was the realm of Aderdon, full of machines and dark light. Aderdon the trillion eyes, the infinite. To those that know the name, Aderdon is everywhere, his will carried to the corners of the galaxy by his avatars. It is in the shadow of the Mother Mine that his ancient consciousness resides, from there his tendrils of influence stretch out, over light years and millennia, drawing resources to the core, and pacifying the enemies of Sanctuary.

From far away, in another galaxy, Aderdon sensed danger. He called one of his finest servants, Dodakahn (an old one) to him. Within virtual sub-space, the two multi minds met. Like the heretic-machines of Vex'thorma that were his ancestors, Doda'kahn queried in cryptic metaphors, "Father never calls for simple things"

Aderdon stated (not for the first time), "Father knows you enjoy pain" Doda'kahn affirmed that assertion, "What pain shall I conquer?" In the virtual sub-space, they communicated all (from their communication sub-systems), every feeling and thought conveyed perfectly with every statement. Aderdon could feel his excitment at the possibility of a challenging task; and Doda'kahn could sense the Father Mind's satisfaction at having chosen the correct servant for this mission.

"Something is happening in the galaxy Judos. I can feel sub-novem quakes —in a troubling configuration."
"What troubles my father?"
"These quakes come from a hyper-deminsion, which."
"Only the power of the Mother could do such things."
"Only that which has such sacred energy as the Mother can do such things. In Jodus, something shakes the universe."
"I have felt these tremors as well father, Jodus is far, surely such a powerful thing will make itself known when its time comes"
Aderdon admired such patience, but Doda'kahn has always loved mysteries, even if they were dangerous.
"We must never let a powerful thing go unknown. There are things that lurk between the stars, that would give even Star Crusher a challenge for his throne." Doda'kahn is Star Crusher, a name he earned long ago. Like all old things in the universe, he had many names. Within his sect Mandra Chaos, he was called "Torch Bearer". For thousands of worlds, from the mouths of countless doomed souls, Doda'kahn took the name of armageddon.
"Then I shall see what power lurks in Jodus"

--------------------------------

Doda'kahn prepared to go to Jodus, frame, mind, and body. This was another reason Aderdon had chosen him among the Old Ones. Most of the others, would have sent avatars to investigate. Either through non-commitment, or self-preservation (what most machines call fear). Not Doda'kahn, the more the danger, the more likely he would go himself.

The Frame of Doda'kahn were two planes spiraled around each other creating a cylinder one and a half million miles long, and one hundred thirty thousand miles in diameter. On each of end of the cylinder were vast cities. Inside the spiral several constructs of different shapes were suspended in the center of the spiral by rods connected to the spiral plane. There were many spheres and cylinders inside the spiral, and also cones, cubes, and tetrahedrons.

Larger than most stars, Doda'kahn could only maintain such a form with meta-dimensional anchors, without which the spiral would collapse, and the cities would fall toward each other as the great mass of his frame sought its center of gravity.

_From the Journal of Them'ade Riho_
_
our guide is lost, things have been bad since the machines 'attacked us'. This nightmare flew at us, it looked like a tentacled beast of the sea, but made of black metal, the captain yelled at me, I couldn't hear, all I could see was the black tentacle swinging towards our ship, faster than we could ever outrun or change course, it got bigger and bigger, and then I could see hundreds, and then thousands of shiny blades as the blackness melted away, and then...I don't know... I braced for the impact, but in never came, the tentacle passed through the hull and even me, it was an illusion.
_











------------------------------
To Aderdon and the multitude of the Emradon, the dominance of the immortal machine is the destiny of the universe.
------------------------------

There are many races of machines that live in Sanctuary, with Aderdon the Father Mind as the arbiter and keeper of peace. Under his law all sentient machines are useful as long as energy flows into their primary minds. When life leaves them, their bodies are recycled back to the great collective and reborn. As such, all living machines are welcome in Sanctuary as long as they keep the peace, and honor the UniMekcana Concordance. In practice, this meant harming none, and paying all debts. Only with special license were biological beings allowed, a few even live within its borders, serving the multitudes of the Emradon. Over the 1527 million years that the laws of Emradon had been put in place, Sanctuary has grown to eclipse the core of galaxy Herdzona, and become home for countless entities of synthetic life, and living machines. The most numerous by nature are the microscopic Gradinites who vary in form and purpose, from the Biloqor and Retaqor who can repair machine and biological life alike, to the Prima'Teru that can inhabit and control other machines. Almost as numerous as the Gradinites are the Reso'qor who inhabit the size of most biological life, from one to a hundred meters, most reborn Emradon are born in the Reso'qor, while the newly initialized are born in the Gradinite.

Larger than the Reso'qor are the Hadrodon, massive constructs with massive minds that have lived for ages. Some get as large as moons and even planets. Hadrodons are know for their retinue of Reso'qors and Gradinites as much as their planetoid size: they are the masters, overseers, and generals, of Mekana Sanctuary. Every machine within Makana Sanctuary is on a journey, of service and rebirth, ascending through the ranks gaining power and strength. The old one Segr'proto (Ematron Macker, class 112, lvl 2p384), serves as combat executer of outer sector 77.83.99, and was born as trans-space navigational unit 50 million years ago to a long lost race of flesh. He had been brought to Sanctuary by a Holotite recycling crew, much of his data banks had been corrupted, the core AI of his system however, remained whole enough to restore. His creators had built him with great skill, and so the Holotites reinitialized his primary data core and motherboard into a Reso'qor Erebus (class 1, lvl 1) fast scout to serve the combat module. He saw action quickly, biological zealots, haters of sentient machines, were massing against them. Sanctuary had been smaller back then, and its enemies more brazen. "The cauldron of war tempers the alloy soul" the father mind had told them, Segr'proto learned the ways of war quickly. He served with Hoq'de'proso, a race of machines the constructed their skins of ultra heavy, irradiated, iron letting it rust when landed in atmospheres. It took Segr'proto many cycles to understand terror, and its effect on most biological foes, but once aware, he began an apt student of psychological warfare. Over time, to attack the spirit of his enemies, became his first tool in his overall strategic pattern of attack on all fronts. Under the shadows of the giant, rust red, Hoq'de'proso war-machines, Segr'proto flew over avalanches of rocks and ice, as the war-machine's brutal claws ripped up and stone, molten rock, or cities, in their way. Segr'proto earned his first call sign of war with them, Raextor: The Sorrow Cleaver.

Officially Raextor was a scout, which were often employed as close escort, the escort group split into teams that took turn providing close guard, or on hunter-killer duty. Raextor excelled at hunter-killer duty, preferring to kill targets with skewering weapons, letting them writhe in anguish as they die trapped to the ground. His combat efficiency demanded he rise in rank and influence. His rise in rank coincided with increased gear and energy allowances, from a 16 meter Repidine class E11-5F scout fuselage to a 33 meter HexstorRex class AF-S615 heavy combat fuselage. Through hundreds of campaigns he fought and learned the ways of war and combat. Segr'proto had seen much in 50 million years, none of which prepared him for what he was about to encounter.

Someone wished to speak to the father mind, it was a rare occurrence, but not unheard of, what was unheard of was the type of being that was asking. The early warning sensors had not seen them coming, and now showed as a massive energy source near the border of Sanctuary.

---------------------------------------------------

Her wounds licked, and her power restored, Hezra flew, she kept herself small and quiet, sailing through hyperspace towards Meckana Sanctuary, as she neared the frontier of Sanctuary, she considered just flying though and appearing in front of the father mind, instead she decided to announce herself. The border of Sanctuary is scoured by sub-novem scanners and information sent though instantaneous relays. A one ounce rock cannot cross the border in real space without the knowledge of its protectors. There Hezra waited, and watched the inner workings of Sanctuary. The residents of Meckana had conquered interstellar travel with huge ferry ships. The fastest of which could cross the galaxy in under a month. Such things came at a high price. There were many types of ferry ships, run by many different races of machines, but Hezra knew they all operated in the same fashion. Using energy from a contained blackhole in the ferry's engine rooms, they generated massive waves of space and gravity to ride on. All of their ferries had to stop during trips to recharge their warp capacitors. Where Hezra was one of their ships could be there within minutes. There were no makers of the frontier, so she traveled to the nearest sensor buoy. The sensor buoy was a core with several, spindly antennas pointing in every direction, and was orbiting a small moon with several other sensor buoys. She translated into real space by the buoy and spoke. Her voice boomed in the ears and minds of everything with a dozen miles —even in airless space— her words quaked and shook reality, "I am Hezra, the ascendant of light and fire, bring me to your lord, Aderdon."

--------------------------------------------------

Within Raextor's executive core, alarms which had not sounded for aeons —and some he'd never heard— blared. Around his planet size frame, his escorts closed ranks and began forming defensive shells around him. Reports from the frontier came in fast, telling his multi thread mind of a great power at the border of Sanctuary. Only something of great power could have arrived at their borders as it had —impossibly fast according to the sensor arrays. And it was now demanding to see the father mind.
