### The Ascendiant

On the planet once called Mo'trevix, near its barren surface, in the shadow of a crater, a searing light hovers near the barren ground. White crooked bolts of current arched to the surface, cackling, and coalescing. The bolts multiply, becoming furiously entangled, until for a single, split instant, they merged into one wide swath of lighting, casting long shadows up the crater, [and sending out a thunderous thermal shock wave], which blew out across the crater. Dust is kicked out and vaporized in an expanding halo. Rock is shattered and melted; leaving behind a charred scar on the lifeless planet. At the epicenter of the blast, the ground was a molten pool, hovering above which was a sphere of darkness; encircled by halo of chaotic white light. As the shockwave reached the edge of the crater, the light and ball of blackness dimmed and disappeared from mortal view.

It was a rebirth of a cosmically powerful entity who called itself Qur'Xul. They are an ancient, twisted being, part of a race —as old as stars— which calls themselves the Xesrtix'zem'yta —a name which means nothing to Qur'Xul. Like all very old powerful things, Qur'Xul, and the Xesrtix'zem'yta have had many have billions or years worth of names. Those that knew of the history of Xesrtix'zem'yta, called them tredat'ra —chaotic ascendants— a name it earns in Qur'Xul's rebirth. The energy to fuel such a resurrection, was drawn from the kinect energy of the entire plant, and now, the spin and orbit of Mo'trevix, have been [halted]. Earth quakes rippling out from the core would reach the surface in hours, already surface tremors cause the dusty ground everywhere to begin to shift and settle. And so Qur'Xul lives up to the tredat'ra namesake, as a truly chaotic ascendant.

Qur'Xul's vanishing was a self defense maneuver. They had yet to regain full memory, perception, and sense of self, and were vulnerable in this dazed and confused state. Within minutes of their rebirth, memories flowed and processed within the vast consciousness of Qur'Xul, and they remembered who had banished them to this dead space. Proof that nothing lasts forever. For hundreds of thousands of years, they was a she, and she was a great, fell queen of many worlds, who was called Vetexu —the 'Conqueress'—. Her subjects turned on her. embarking on a multi generational plot —which was miraculously kept the secret from their queen until the plan was near completion— spanning her vast kingdom, aimed at killing their tyrant god queen.

As Qur'Xul regained their memories and mind, they began to build, both in normal and extra dimensions, a construct that they would inhabit which they called the dedatrum. The dedatrum was a place where the vast mind of the chaotic ascendant could manifests itself. In the dedatrum —and only in the dedatrum— Qur'Xul bursts into view —a black orb coated in light— and they decided that the construct will be cube-like, but also a maze, and they would once again be a she, although not in a mortal shell this time, at least not at first. Qur'Xul would call themselves Hezra Rezamar*, a shadow, living in the void. Hezra the reborn (Hezra the shadow) began the process of full rebirth. Performing a rite sacred to her to kind, she knew it as Utroll Remta, "The Harvesting" a ritual process meant to re-energize the ascendant into full power, and ensure they live on. The minds and methods of ascendant, immortal entities is impossible to fully described in a single robust volume of essays: as the underlying machinations of their existence is the result of billions of years of natural, intentional, and engineered evolution. But what can be described, is that Hezra's cube was invisible to only the most sensitive of sub-novem, and gravimetric sensors unless Hezra willed it, and in practical terms occupied a space no larger than a neutron, yet fully able to control their trajectory, and store and harness cosmically massive amounts of energy. Their life energy is at the base of their existence, like any sentient, living, thing it takes energy and nutrients to maintain. When enhanced with Hezra's sub-novem and hyper-macro constructs, on scales where time does and does not matter, or where the speed of light is limitless —and dangerous to the inexperienced adventurer. Hezra's kind had mastered them all but like any living thing, could only live if she continued to feed, and could only exist as an ascendant as long as she could harvest.

Hezra set her cube on course into orbit of the planet she had halted —and set into a death spiral— during her rebirth. Given its small foot print the Hezra's cube could pass through almost anything unbothered, and on the occasion there was an obstacle the cube would go around, or if that failed, burrow through. There would be no interruptions, she was in a remote, deserted star system, in a collection of stars, planetoids, dust, and ice, which shined faintly through its larger more eloquent neighbors.

Hezra began the first set of actions to fully reforming, the Hypa'kentica dance; sometimes translated as "The Kinetic Vampire Pattern"; Hezra calls it "Star Fall". The planet she was orbiting had a moon, which was spiraling down with it towards the central star. For Hezra where there was an orbit, there was energy to be harvested.

She slung her cube into orbit of the moon, and began the first dance. Her course put sent her skimming the white and pink mountains of the dead, cold, airless, world. Once her cube's orbit pointed retrograde to the moons orbit of the falling planet, she loosed her cube's kinetic translator, and —using her kinds abilities— sized the exact moment of momentum of her choosing and stretched it into a straight line. Such feats required aeons to obtain, but once acquired, bestow incredible power. Her will extended into the moon, into its mountains and valleys and rocks, each molecule and atom flying through the night, around and around on an invisible tether. She could feel the latent heat and radiation deep within the world, and within each atom a base inertia; an inherited momentum. It was around the momentum that her mind focused. She displaced the energy of the planet into her cube at the exact moment it was flying retrograde to the moons orbit. For an instant she accelerated to near the speed of light, and then she shunted the energy into her hyper-macro reservoirs draining away most of the momentum of her cube slowing it just enough to maintain an orbit. The moon's forward motion sapped, it began to fall, de-orbited as if a planet sized hand had reached out and halted it.

Hezra wasted no time before pointing her cube at the next planet closest to the system's main star, there she continued the same pattern of draining and storing first the main planet of kinetic energy, and then its moons. Before she could harvest the sacred energies of the universe, an alter must be built, an alter of stillness and power. Were she to stop now, the planets she had drained would drift away from their star as its motion carried it with the rest of this remote galaxy. She continued though, until finally she was in orbit around the central star.

It was an old star, burning with the refined fury and brashness of a prize bull far past its peak —yet remains the host of primal powers. Still the king of this domain with a crown of smoldering world jewels as testimony. She had little need to slow down anymore, and she zipped by the close planets clingy to their low orbits and dropped them like the others. The star too was in motion with the galaxy, more energy to be harvested. Like all one star systems the solid planets were but grains of dust compared to the central star. The energy she had collected from them was enough to propel her as fast as anything could in real space, if she wished to reach across the cosmos she would need the power of the stars motion, and more. As before with the planets, she halted the star; instead of storing the vast energy that flowed into her, she fed it, and much of what she had stored, into a swirling construct within the star, the heat of star now also flowed into her, in an instant she crushed down with the natural force of gravity, until at the stars center space itself ripped.

Blackness enveloped the star, all with in it froze in time, that without that was not swallowed was thrown about. The outer planets, which would have eventually drifted away from the star and galaxy, began to fall with great speed into the blackness.

Gravity is a runaway force, one of the few things that can approach infinity. With that power Hezra could even cancel and subdue the black hole, which she did after all of the surrounding planets had been swallowed by the newly created event horizon. After the last had passed through Hezra completed the harvest ritual, she placed in a jewel, the whole stillness, and all of its mass and energy into black jewel, a captured singularity.

Throughout the harvest dance Hezra had contemplated her next move. She had thought she could break the law of Asho'tan and control others as a god, her failure had not been a loss of control she reasoned, but the cursed protectorate. Long had she hidden her cosmic enclave from them, but that had found her, almost as soon as she had sensed them, did the envoy arrive. Hezra had moved quickly to eradicate the envoy, but she underestimated the speed at which they would work. The protectorate raises envoys from the ranks of the ban vara and ordora vesta —monster slayers, heroes— and even alone it would have been no small feat to quietly remove her, but she had not been alone.

She had chosen to rule over living things of flesh with limitations, this time she would not rule of such weak vassals, she would rule with iron.
