### Barracks Land

-----------------

Nothing remaines of the original Von'Lusio, save its name, known to the troopers it carries as The Sir Von'Lusio (its traditional name), and thus referred to as a him. Launched from his birthyards two-hundred and thirty-three thousand years ago, every inch of plating and cabling had been replaced. Even his looks have changed over time, but his heart has never changed. When landed, the Von'Lusio preferred to be engines down, flight decks toward the sky. The four massive exaust ports which could channel more power than a star, harnessed from four seperate Reveton reactors. A lattice of walk ways connected all of the reactors together, on which the insane geniuses of the Rhoma Navigation Corp tended to forces which could whip and bend space, allowing the Von'Lusio to bridge vast distances instantly, or cruise through space faster than space should allow.

-----------------

Prix and Shemeshe walked side by side through the common halls of the legionate troop cruiser, Von'Lusio. Not hand in hand, yet very close, Shemeshe needing little to no excuse to "accidentally" brush against Prix's leg or hips; Prix needed less of a reason to put a palm against Shemeshe's waist or steely back. They talked the whole time, Shemeshe recalled her childhood as an outcast, "My family could not bear the shame of my lifestyle choices, I had a wandering lust, I like women, and some men, but mostly women. When I announced I was engaged to my female lover, they disowned me, and made sure we would never marry". Prix could see the purple crescents over her eyes crease in sadness at times, especially when talking about her lover Jehdi. "She died, just like they wanted her to, even saved them the trouble of doing it...jumped right from Ahmarata Tower." Not for the first time, Prix realized how alike they were, Shemeshe's people called themselves the Vurn, and like the Huso were a patriarchial society, with strict rules for the roles of female participation in society, and like the Huso they were willing to murder their own that did not follow their stipulated roles.

Shemeshe had opened up slowly to Prix, while she already had knowledge of Prix's past (Prix's story was well known on the Von'Lusio), Prix had been tight lipped about the parts of her story not yet public. But found herself slowly offering more of her past as Shemeshe revealed her sad childhood. Unlike Prix, Shemeshe could not participate in athletics, her only activity besides her studies were to practice what her people called Muv'oi. Muv'oi was what the Vurn called all domestic labor, and for Vurn society females that excelled at Muv'oi were of the most value as people. As a girl from the age of 10, Shemeshe was enroled in the Stoh (girl's school) and expected to attend Rohbi (lectures), and hone her skills with her peers at the Stoh cloisters which were scattered about every city. The Vurn were an old people, having been saved from self destruction by mercifull Ascendeti Envoy, they were granted association with the Protectoratium, which opened up communication, and the assitance of the exa'legionate if required, but not access to the travel networks; no gate or garisson would be built around the Vurn homeworld until they were accepted as vassals of the protectorate. Any kind of vassal-hood had so far eluded the Vurn, and so they remained locked out of trade, travel, and the world changing affects they would bring. The Vurn had tried for two and half thousand years to gain ascension. During that time they have been visited by envoys four times. The first time the envoy landed after observing and said to the Vurn, "Your leaders are not leaders, and your society must consisit of equal citizens". The Vurn asked if any of the Vurn leaders could be used as examples of what a great leader should be? The envoy, De'jema Heral replied, "Ones that serve." De'jema further explained that first rule of ascension "Society must be of equal citizens. You may be wondering, how could 'criminals' or 'undesirables' be equal? How can a leader only serve? It is not for me to tell you how that will be accomplished, I do not know your minds. But if you cannot achieve these things only hell awaits you in the stars, and the Protectoratium will be no part of that. I'm only an envoy entreating you, that the Protectorate offers peace and prosperity, without oversight, only protection. Our peace can only exist by accepting those who truly wish to ascend, and become allies of the Ascendeti, the closest thing to true gods you'll ever see. Not all wish to ascend, some wish to stay primitive and die with their world. It is not for me to judge your path."

While many Vurn could see the wisdom of the envoy's ways, the majority did not heed De'jema's message or lesson. Instead, the Vurn elite twisted the envoy's words. Vurn must be united, that much was clear, and the power hungry did not miss the call to feast. Which so much public support the first President General of Gurlana (Shemeshe's birthworld) was elected in a world wide election process which was tainted from the start by corruption. The wiser, and more popular candidate lost to a centrist with a fundamentalist background.

For most of Gurlana's history, its leaders have been placed by fraud. The few times a legitimate President General has been elected, dark wills with dark money soon ousts them, and reverts whatever progress they may have made. Every ten years after the envoy's first visit, they would be visted by a 'barge of mercy', shuttles from the barge would land and announce "Send us the worthy and unworthy". De'jema explained that any individuals who wished to commit themselves as vassals of the protectorate could board the shuttles. They will be required to serve a term of service to the greater public, after which, they may apply for citizenship at a vassal world.

It was on one such barge that Shemeshe found salvation, after a bitter argument with her family, which happened the day before the barge was scheduled to arrive, she left them, and Gurlana. "Gurlana will never become a vassal world" Shemeshe had heard it often, in quieted wispers that are not meant to be heard. When she was younger, she did not know what that meant, on the day she left, she did. "I had no where left to go, I would not marry the man my family had picked for me. I didn't know what would happen. Many on Gurlana claim that boarding the barges meant heading to the table of some alien. They said that they farmed worlds and feasted on our blood, many other horrible things...I didn't really believe them, but I was still scared. At the gate to the shuttle, I asked one of the barge crewmen, what did they mean by 'serve the public', they said 'it means your life will have meaning'. And so I walked onboard, and found myself as a legionate."

Their walk had a purpose, they were heading to see the barracks commander, to get their rotations synced, and in the process, officially declare their relationship following Legionatus general code 113.45-67 (legionate fraternization).

The Von'Lusio was a grand ship, carrying two thousand troopers and five hundred Cosmic Gaurd, all fully equipped from the on-board founderies and armories. As a regulation Protectoratium troop cruiser the Von'Lusion must be capable of transporting a full combat group to any vassal sector with a day, and any association space within a week. The ability to bridge vast distances quickly, faster than reality should allow, is the prime ability of the Von'Lusio. Its vast engine decks housed every manner of space bending and time melting machine, worked by the insane geniuses of the Rhoma Navigation Clave.

Above the engine decks, was the foundry and armory, past that was the realm of the troopers, the barrack decks, know as Barracks Land. As was acording to doctrine, the barracks were under gravity at all times, and was a series of spinning modules, always moving under void grade armor plating. A labrynth of halls connected all of the spinning modules to a central spire. It was through those halls that Prix and Shemeshe walked, spiraling ever upwards towards the navigation and command decks.

On a ship such as the Von'Lusio up can mean many things. For the denzins of Barracks Land, up means toward the central spire, which housed the ship's trans spinal corridor. Once inside the corridor, a trooper will experience weightlessness. A ladder lines the inside of the corridor, and can be used to head forward or to the stern.

The Von'Lusio was equipped with gravity plating, which was rarely activated, and creates a gravity feild pulling from the front of the ship towards the back. The Von'Lusio can land in many orientations, but the preferred is to be landed with engines down, and flight decks pointed towards the sky. Only within the engine decks and foundry is the artificial gravity kept on (when not maneuvering or in battle).

Their path took them up from them from the bowels of the barracks into the sparsly populated spinal corridor; on their wieghtless ascent to the command decks they passed only one person (a trooper). At the command deck, they activated their mag boots, and continued to the Column commander's office.
