From the moment Sar'tego had been given his current assignment, it had felt wrong. Everything about anomaly 45BD-11238371 seemed wrong to those that knew of it. In the one thousand years that sector 11238371 had been under protectorate rule the space around anomaly 45BD (as it was referred to locally) had been an oddity, a strange pocket of nothing. The area had changed hands many times, and when an enterprising savant compared old star charts of the area, they found records of whole star systems —five of them— that were supposed to be where the strange emptiness now was. The savant applied for, and received permission to begin an investigation, and anomaly 45BD-11238371 was officially designated, and the investigation begun.

At first, the investigation was pursued by the researchers of Segetum Accadaria. The disappearance of star systems was deemed a natural anomaly. The savants of the Accadaria believed the missing systems had been disrupted; the planets thrown away by a large star or black hole, to begin life as rouges. It was believed a detailed survey would alight the final locations of the missing planets and stars, and perhaps reveal the culprit of the disturbance. There were detractors among the savants of this theory. The space was once ruled by the Hyperg'enot, a vast and powerful empire, it was argued 45BD may be a leftover weapon or trap, and the Segetum Victron should take over the investigation. The detractors of the flung-system theory were in the minority, but it was agreed that any survey should be escorted.

The Accadaria applied for escort to the Victron, who in turn charged the Eradeus Maxur with protecting the investigation of 45BD. The Eradeus Maxur concluded the remote location was an ideal theater of operation for the Legionatus exa'legionate, who's fast ships can deploy quickly, and navigate star systems with ease. Under orders, the Legionatus dispatched two exa'legionate heavy cruisers to rendezvous with the investigation of 45BD. The Accadaria themselves assembled a team of experienced surveyors and set course for 45BD with an escort large enough to hold an entire world at bay. Once inside what would become known as the anomaly zone, communication with the expedition was lost, and they were never heard from again. The Accadaria and Legionatus ships were tracked into the center of the zone, were the ship's transponders ceased transmitting.

The Protectorate executers responded by deploying Legionatus Heavy Strike Guard regiments around the anomaly zone. After establishing a perimeter the encircling force sent in a battalion, who encountered Qur'Xul. Only 200 of the 1300 strong Heavy Strike battalion returned. They reported encountering a powerful ascendant entity, with seemingly limitless power. Most of the battalion sacrificed themselves, so that a few might escape. The 200 survivors carried with them the information of what cut off ship's communications, and blanketed 3 star systems in darkness. The savants they had been escorting stayed behind, so they could gather and relay as much information as they could, before dying or self destructing to avoid capture; they achieved their objective —much information was gathered.

Most importantly they discovered a powerful gravimetric field that cut off most forms of communication, and hid the space from most forms of observation. The source of the field was an outer planer of an uninhabited system. It was designated a high priority target, a sri'elite Ban Vara was dispatched to destroy whatever was generating the field. Of almost of as much importance was discovery of a sole life-bearing planet which was known locally as Ver'mel. To the verdant and stormy world a sur'elite envoy-operator was dispatched to gain first hand knowledge of life on the world.

The envoy had returned, and was now informing Sar'tego of their findings. The envoy's name was Repma'hof, if not for her file Sar'tego would not have known that they were a she, of a bi-pedal star lineage that he had never heard of: called the Benserata. Like all beings that find themselves in the ranks of void soldiers, the envoy's skin was a dark. Her's was deep (almost black) purple with faint grey dots. She had a full head of hair —something Sar'tego rarely saw— bright orange in color. Even though they did not share a language, Repma'hof had no issue conveying her confidence and aptitude through the translation matrix. Sar'tego heard her voice as clear, and even —like most void soldiers. "I've not seen anything like this, even in the Infinite Palace. This world, Ver'mel, is ruled by a class 12-4 Astrata'ascendant being name Qur'Xul. From my estimates, it has been this way for at least 20,000 years." An impossible amount of time given its location. "How did they maintain, this empire under Hyperg'enot rule?" Repma'hof placed her data pad down and the image of a blue green world projected into the air next to them. Outlines of all colors traced out to mark borders, and as she spoke, the names of the nations of this world became visible. "I do not know, the 12 major nations are all adversarial, and jealous. Their 'Queen' plays them, for her pleasure." Sar'tego had never encountered anything like that either —even in the Infinite Palace.
"For her pleasure?"
"I've not been able to discern any other motive."
"What would have been her motive to slaughter troopers and guards?"
"Purely territorial"
Sar'tego weighed his options, filtering his decisions through the rubrics of logical and ethical conduct, as was his honor as Directa'executor of Fleet Venaron Exava. "What do you think the populace would do, if I were to remove this rouge entity?"
"The majority would support you, a powerful minority would not."
"Then it is good Custodia Conquesta Uvetho will be there to bring them in line"

--------------------------

The Diamond Watch, guarded their queen well. A five mile one hundred foot wall surrounded the Diamond Spire, every inch of it guarded by elite soldiers and supersize golems. Within the wall, is a small city called the administration district, or "the city of scrolls" which was patrolled heavily by the Diamond Watch. A smaller wall encircles the base of the Diamond Spire which has only one heavily controlled gate. Protecting the Diamond Spire were hundreds of ballista armed with enchanted tips poised to loose on sky and land; the spire and its gates were wrought of indestructible arcane stone by the Queen herself. There was no protection from the Custodia Argente. The Custodia ultra vara Revetu and Exuto ignored all of it.

The pair of ultra vara (Custodia Argente) slipped past all of the Queens defenses and alarms. The Segetum Victron would not send anyone to slaughter, the ultra vara were to Qur'xul what battle tried knights are to a rouge bully. Exuto could tell he surprised her when he appeared in front of her, in a plain lit hallway, with no visible weapons. She had no reason to be afraid in her own realm, her shock gave way to annoyance which she made no attempt to hide by challenging him in a stern voice. "Who are you? These hall are to be clear of anyone unless I allow them in. How did you..." Exuto interrupted her, this time shocking her enough to silence her with his voice carrying to her inside her mind as well as through her senses. "I am not from Ver'mel, I am Exuto Demota of the Segetum Victron, you have been found guilty of mass subversion of free life, I am extending an opportunity for you to surrender" Exuto knew she would accept. But the Protectorate always notifies before it destroys —not something you get with most sovereignties. To his surprise she responded instead of fleeing, or attacking. "I've never heard of your protectorate..." so it was to be attacking, Exuto braced himself "...and a Queen never surrenders" Her attack was astoundingly powerful, a beam of high density plasma, sheathed in light and carrying the energy of a star, lashed out from her outstretched hands. Everything flammable within the hallway went up in flames, the stone caught on fire and drip sparking, melting rock. Metal ornaments deformed and melted. The beam burned through his outer repulsor shield, through his kinetic reversal field, melted a hole through his instanced nanite shield and finally was stopped at his Revel field: the energy from the beam shunted away. He translated behind her and released the captured energy from the Revel field as super dense plasma bolts. What air was left in the hall caught fire, and the stones exploded into molten charred bits with the passing of the plasma bolts. Qur'xul and Exuto floated in the ash laden void their blows had created. Beyond Qur'xul the wall was blasted open, revealing a smoking crater surrounded by a verdant meadow. By the way she turned on him, he couldn't tell if he'd hit her, but he did know she was attacking again, this time on many fronts. A massive burst of infrared from her set alight everything around Exuto, and two more beams of singularity light was being summoned. He attacked full force, wading through flame, his armor glowing, he loosed blackhole cored shurikens from ten different directions, before translating just above her head and attacking her with a Ultrine Saber. She was struck by 20 of the shurikens, there were meant to drain , she raised her hand with a conjured shield and blocked Exuto's falling blow. The saber popped with angry sparks as it struck her shielded arm. A massive wave of kinetic energy struck Exuto's Lefien Shield, sending him flying back. A bright beam shot into the air from were she was, and Exuto realized she was fleeing. One of Exuto's many talents, as a master hunter and experienced ultra vara, was knowing were his enemy was about to be, and thus, where a kill shot could be delivered. His attack was slightly more complicated than if his weapon had been an iron sword or rifle, but the intent was the same, to bring a munition or armament to the same point and time the enemy is.

Every second his backup cores made billions of calculations, tracking his target's vector and energy, before a full second into Qur'xul's escape, Exuto had plotted and intercept course. He translated, aligning himself to travel in similar vector, and then to the attack point; which from when he launched was 1000 miles above. His maneuver was known to the Custodia as "Water dashing boulders" (more because of the technique involved than the outcome ); it was one Exuto had performed many times, until the cadence of every beat of every step was instinctual. His Ultrine Saber, which was named Vel'Setra appeared in his hand at his side, the handle moulding to his palm, as it had millions of times before; as his translation ended into real-space, he felt its weight against his fingers, he gripped and readied as he felt himself return to reality. He whipped Vel'Setra from his side in upwards arc in front of him, into the path of Qur'xul who was speeding towards him. Exuto's timing was perfect, and his blade sliced through her, from thigh across her stomach to her upper chest, space warped under the energies of his strike, white hot fire filled the wound from the saber and spread out, all consuming, her screams were only silenced when the fire finally vaporized the last of her head.

--------------------------------------------------------
