### Overlords and Warriors

Neta flew above the Vhm, machine gun roaring. Er'dateus calling out threats, kills, and targets. "Overlord ahead, 2 miles" between them solid Vhm swarm uncovered by sub-novem fracture bombs. Behind her the sheilds of Uru'Osta rose into the sky, while from their Defense towers high-energy kentic sluggers rained death on the Vhm from above; kenoton launchers obliterated anything within a half mile of the towers and shields.

"Overlord retreating", Neta waited a moment to track its escape, and readied for her strike.



 She would engage with Vexi'shuriken, translocate to the overlord with her Sachra-class swords outstretched in each arm, and her anti-kentic-resonance field set to maximum. All that touched her —including the visible Vhm— will be hit with an ever-increasing kenito-graviton field.

Her Hyper Translator was not a teleport, rather a device similar to a Kenoton Launcher. It produced a phased wave of kentic energy which she could ride. It would carry her behind her shurikens, swords outstretched, obliterating anything that got too close. Among the Custodia, this attack is called Gravity Eagle, many also call it, Thunder Fall.

Along her arms, the blades of her Sachra swords glowed a dull amber, while the cutting edge reflected like pure silver at chaotic angles. The swords were mounted to her forearms, she shortened the front blades, while extending the rear ones so the tips would trail outstretched behind her. She loosed her shurikens at the fleeing overlord, and engaged her Hyper Translator to close the now 5 miles between them. Neta crashed through hundreds of Vhm that escaped her shurikens between her and the overlord, a massive, hot, shockwave followed, shattering some of the weakend Vhm near her path.

Her Hyper Translator disengaged and she arrived with a massive thunder clap just in front of the overlord, and the overlord sheilded itself from the oncoming shockwave of air. The overlord was made of tougher stuff then the ground warriors, had Neta charged into it with Gravity Eagle, she would only aid its escape, flinnging it miles away. To take it down for good, Neta had brought a Sortabine Rifle. The same weapon used to fight miles-long star dragons.

Her Vestade'Rine Arms, Sordabine Rifle fired 65.ca pulse meta-plasma rounds, and can only be wielded by the most skillful soldiers. Like the Sov'Harpoons, the Sordabine has a fuse set by the wielder, but its effectivness is limited by range. Each round is sheathed in by-product x-rays. When the round contacts, it explodes in a forward one dimensional rod of space, with power from beyond the universe. Most living things drop dead if a Sordabine round passes within a few hundred yards of them.

Her swords withdrew and the rifle materialized from arching electric-bolts into her hands. She had a perfect angle from the ground under the towering overlord. The blast from the round could do significant damage to the lithosphere of a planet, from here, her round blast would go into the sky. Her IFF confirming no friendlies were in the blast zone. Neta aimed at what would pass for "center mass" of the overlord who was turning to again flee (she had suspected it would fight, but this one did not like its chances). She pulled the trigger, a rod of white light cut through the air from the barrel to the overlord, the round exploded through its body and out the back, the rod of light turning to an elongated, amber cone. The overlord seemed to catch fire for a moment. Where the round had struck, its metal skin peeled away, glowing red and white, driven outward by extreme heat-pressure melting then vaporizing the entire overlord in a nano-second of fury. A fireball shockwave washed over Netas sheilding, the ground around her cracked and turned black and molten in places. The Vhm which survived the blast turned molten white and vanished as their overlord was no longer able to hold them in this universe.

Neta stood in the center of miles of ash and dead Vhm. Brilliant explosions of white on either side of her signaled other Ban'Vara finding their marks. From her map she tracked and designated the next nearest overlord, 18 miles east.

-----------------------

As the overlords were cut down, the over-overlords and ultra-overlords turned their ancient eyes to what was pushing back the ravenous swarm. This place fought hard, but nothing in their long experience could resist the swarm. Except these new soldiers. The Ban'Vara were new to these Vhm, but not totally unknown. Deep within Overlords giant minds, an instinct crystalized. These were a mortal enemy. The nameless enemy responsible for failed swarms and Great Queen corpses left floating in the void. The overlords did not need to know their name or smell. By the rate at which they slew their strongest ground overlords with such ease, they knew them to be lethal enemies. The overlords named the Ban'Vara, and the rest of the Protectorate Prima forces, "Nehm'roht" —hero slayer.

They sent messages laced with rare fear to their sisters, the under-queens: "We must retreat. The overlord fall at the hands of hero slayers. The Nehm'roht fight with power of the Mother Ether, burning our brethren to ashes."

From far above the skies of Tref'leo, the under-queens responded to the overlords with screams of fury, rage, and sadness. "We will avenge our brothers!" The had seen the ships coming, but until now had paid them no mind. Not a threat like the thousands of worlds before, who's meager fleets could not mount a sufficient counter attack to repel invisible attackers. But these had turned horrid, sacrilegious, weapons on them. Breaking the barrier the trounced freely, and even obscuring their link the Great Mother. A dire foe.

The Under-Queens knew the Nehm'roht would end them today. They cried with rage and sorrow as they charged. From birth they've known that this was their fate in this moment, in memories given to the them by the great mother. These enemies were powerful and cunning, but they could be killed. The fierce daughters will fight and die for their mother, giving her time to escape. The turned in their orbits, heading towards the attackers.

The first row of warrior daughters fell to invisible mines laid by the Protectorate fleet. Their bodies shattered and left to float. The Under-Queens were no fools, and quickly learned to avoid the mines. They were propelled by the ether energy of their mother, and the easily dodged the first fighter line to engage them. Letting them pass through the first lines of advancing under-queens turned to surround and attack the fighter line.

The protectorate StekerDyne light fighters, were piloted by master flyers. Even so, they were shocked at the evasion speed of the under-queens. They recovered quickly, executing lightning fast u-turns. The inertial shunts of the fighter craft strained to keep them from flying apart under millions of Gees of force. The under-queens had also executed such a maneuver, at near the same speed as the fighters. The fighters drop hot guide (will home in on non friendly sources of radiation).
