Ver'mel spins like jewel around its two suns, inhabited by the twelve races of the Conda Ring, each with their own kingdom. On the east continent of Arta'koi, in the country of Boltha'hom the Dwalf live in their towers of steel and brass. Great machines of copper and iron, constructed over generations, harvest resources and energy from the ground. Under the waves of the Hul'taki and Rama oceans, the Estamre live on their floating cities, great crystal spheres anchored in their preferred climes. In the land of Ethe'dor, which is dominated by the mountain range Sut'oro, in the northern continent of Arta'koi, live the airborne Setherie, flocking from peak to peak, and tower to tower in the icy northern air. South of Ethe'dor is Helka, the land of the Huso and the Diamond Spire.

For 40 thousand years the Silver Queen has ruled the world of Ver'mel, she had created the Conda Ring to enforce her holy order. She imbued some of the people of Ver'mel with magical powers, which they called, the power of Lomyn; and created artifacts with the same power which were called Letyen. Each race was commanded to form a council of gifted ones to join the Conda Ring and hold council with Qur'Xul. She was a living god, and she made sure her power was always known.

Through the generations Qur'Xul influenced each of races of Ver'mel to shape the world as she wished it, and long lost was the origins of the twelve races. Over time and with her influence, the Huso rose as the dominant race, owing mostly —at least in Qur'Xul's view— to their ambition and lack of shame. The Dwalf were talented builders, the Setherie and Estamre were peerless researches, the brutish Bohsta and Vesta were feared fighters, and the oracle like Weva were the most powerful wielders of the power of Lomyn. The primary talent of the Huso was lack of honor, and with it they dominated.

They did not know that it was the Qur'Xul which granted the power of Lomyn, and it was her that created the magical artifacts known as Letyen. To her Ver'mel was but a garden for her to enjoy, harnessing the living power of Ver'mel to create monuments and houses for herself. To keep herself in power, she had crafted the politics and intrigue of the races of Ver'mel so that there was a constant tension and rivalry between the countries and realms.

Before Qur'Xul came to Ver'mel, it was a tithing planet for the Hyperg'enot, who placed the twelve races there to multiply. Every generation, the population would be tithed 1 out of every 100 individuals, each one plucked away and teleported into the vast slave network of the Hyperg'enot.

--------------------------------

Underneath the Greshoun Forest in the north east Helka prefecture of Nortadaina, ten thousand feet underground, lies what this land once called the Palace of Titans. A work of exotic stone and steel made to last aeons; its builders raised it from the ground with stones that would never leak, and alloys that would never tarnish. It was machine that was part of a vast network of others like it. The builders called it a slave gate, which fed into their vast logistical network of tithing freighters. That network itself was but a single cog in an even greater machine. An imperial republic which dominates multiple galaxies, and has existed for 20 million years known as the Imprexta Concora Hyperg'enot. The slave gate was a teleporter and jump gate, each one crafted by the best technical conscripts within the Hyperg'enot: created to pluck anyone, or anything, they wished from the planet, and send them into the service of the Hperg'enot. The gate was a miracle work: the product of hundreds of thousands of years of scientific advancements.

Before it was buried the Palace of Titans stood shining a thousand feet above a forest —not unlike the one it was now under. The central tower was the meeting point for four pylons.

--------------------------------

In the purple twilight covering Helka, crossing the North Abolot bridge a group of youths like any other on a hundred worlds walked. Of all the places of the universe this group was born into this one, as Huso, the most powerful of Ver'mel, in the capital city as children of the blessed. At the head of the group was Desmodea, the daughter Hastre Bex, the head curator of the Helka museum, next to her was her constant companion, Prix who's father was a viceroy in the logistics bureau, Phelor, who parents served in the Queens Guard, Temola, who was the son of a Doctor and a Gifted One, and Sethte who's father was a general in the imperial army. They were block friends, and had been a group since childhood, bonded together over their rebellious nature and disdain for the old order and holy ways.

The five had been block friends since childhood, Desmodea always the lead rebel among them. She was raised in the halls of museums, following her father from office to office. Her father was brilliant, kind hearted, man, who had dedicated his life to preserving the history of Ver'mel: not just the preferred version of the Helka deacons, but the whole history of the twelve races and Ver'mel. The popular history of Ver'mel was dominated by the blue crusades: When Helka, and the Huso people asserted their dominance over the world. Haster Bex, spent his life researching myths and tales of old, and finding many were based on fact. Tales that ran against the narrative of the Huso as the rightful rulers of Ver'mel. Despite his radical views and research, he rose high in the ranks of Helka acadamia, eventually becoming chief curator the vast and prestigious Atronon Museum of History; his full title being Plesta'derix Grand Curator (the 40-52nd).


------------

The Silver Queen of Ver'mel was gone. This time was never to come, the diamond spire was forever; now a broken shard, the "Laughing Empress" banished. In the end, she was not a living god, only a person like any other among the stars.

To her subjects she was the "Laughing Empress". and she did not leave without a parting gift. In the final moments of her banishing battle, she threw open the Ver'kuma gate that she once had sealed, and the giant conquerers within once again poured through to reap an ancient tithe. Before it could be closed, a million souls vanished through it. Among them was a daughter of the Huso, Prix'Vero Botha.

In the bowels of the Hypergenot slave ship Glory Seeker, the abducted slept and lived in rows and stacks of cages. It was putrid place with the sounds of the suffering filling every cage. Every captive is drugged with memory inhibitors when taken. Their amnesia making them more pliant. Nearly all of the newly enslaved awake with the same confusion and disabling terror in the "Cattle Hold" —as it was called— and they add to the chorus of pleading wails.

The salvers called themselves the Dre' and they were a people of purpose.

Prix awoke in this alien place, to a familiar Dwelvish accent. "Eh, eh...Husi? You alive?" she opened her eyes to hazy multiple vertical slices of shadow through light. A blob of shadow seemed to speak as it grew larger, she heard other sounds around her —low moaning and retching. "ahhh yea, you is alive, wouldn't be in this cattle hold if you were'nt." She pushed herself up to sit; her vision started to cleared and she tried to speak; only rasps came out. "Ehhh, that'll pass Husi" The dwelf poked a steel cup through the bars separating them, she took it and drank gratefully. He was a common looking dwelf, about half her height; stocky and wide. He wore a trimmed beard of ornate shapes —in the style of his people— and his pointed ears poked through his dark brown hair. Her throat absorbed the water like parched sand soaking up rain, when she tried to speak again, the rasp only colored her words instead of stopping them. "Thank you, my name is Prix'Vero Botha"
"Aye, well met Prix, I be Ritten Bomba"
"You're a dwelf?"
"Aye and you're a Husi, still caged like me though..."
"Do you know were we are?"
"Humpf, ever heard of the Gobby Knockers, or the Street Wraiths?"
"No"
"Ha! You Husi all think your so smart.....I don't right know were we be, but there is a legend on me island about the Gobby Knockers, says they would take away gullible travelers never to be seen again."
Her eyes had recovered more and she looked around her, there were stacked cages as far as she could see. The cage opposite the dwelf was empty, and beyond she could see lumps of others sleeping. She had been fighting a panic since awaking, and it swelled in her now, she could feel tears creep into the corners of her eyes; she had been with Des'toria, and Grada'Poc walking across the Jempata Bridge, there was news and celebrating at Tri'dol square; then there was heat, and light, and then nothing —until she heard the dwelfs voice.
"Somethin tells me...you best not let anyone see you cry here."
"Why do you care master Dwalf?"
"Master eh? Hehehe...not often you hear a Husi speak so to a little dwalf like me."
"I'm not like my people, I'm not like the ones that have committed crimes on your people"
"Aye! I see you are not like your people....so large and strong, you're very young or very stupid, maybe both hehe."
Her voice shook but her tears had stopped, "I am Prix Botha."
"Maybe, that is why you are here Prix Botha..."

She settled against the one solid side of her cage, and continued to sip at her cup, "Thank you again master Bomba." The dwalf, short as he was, regarded Prix down his nose, the way he would an interesting bolt or crank, "eh, you'll get your own cup soon I'm sure, you were out a long time, figured you'd be thirsty" Ritten sat against a stool with his back to the solid side of his cell, Prix turned her head to ask, "how long was I out?"
"Three days."
She felt stiff and queasy, like after eating a bad batch of Malto'orio Clams. Ritten spoke in his kind's hard, flat language, —with a punctuating lilt in Ritten's case— giving her a warning, "Our jailers 'ill be around soon'nuf, they'll sure'nuf let you know what you kneed to know, ain' pleasant tho." Prix kept sipping quietly, listening to the dwalf. "dey have sum kind of magic, dey can see 'nto ya mind...dey know ya secrets. I don' have many 'ecrets, I'm Setri'or, disciples of gear, lock, and beam. They have a mind full of builders fancies now. I was meditating in my temple"

--------------------------------------------------

Before she could respond a klaxon blared from audio emitters she had not seen in the top of every cage. A voice followed the klaxon, each cage outputting a translated message in a monotone mechanical voice.

"Welcome to the Seeker of Champions. Be at peace, for you are free. Free from want, free from choice; free from all but glory. Your destiny and your death is now, and forever the honor of the Hypergenot. Glory eternal to the Diasa. Glory Eternal to the Hypergenot"

A deep, slow drumming began building in volume, the cages all around Prix rattled in time. Prix looked across from her row; the cages formed chrome chasms 10 meters across. The occupant across from her looked to Prix somewhat like a Vetarian —the sea people— on Ver'mel, only with more tentacles and 2 heads. While unfamiliar with what it was, she was certain it was terrified. The drumming was getting loader, and she could hear panicked sounds below, a light was glaring from far off her left. The lights grew brighter, and the drums grew louder.

Chrome plates flew from above and below the chasm in front of her cage, interlocking into a level solid walk. The drums thrummed through her body and mind drowning out every thought that tried to form. The source of the light stepped into her view; large 2 legged, 2 armed hulks of gold and brass armor held aloft burning torches —which would burn the eyes if more than glanced at. The hulks had horned and plumed helmets; of black iron, gold, and reddish brass. Either by order or choice, no two torch bearers were equipped the same. Behind them was a helmet-less hulk borne on chair that seemed to float on fire and light; his armor was more fine cloth than plate, on his fingers he wore weighty rings. As he floated in front of Prix's cell his head swiveled from cage to cage; every red-eyed, half-lidded, glance weighed and tried each prisoner. His head turned on her, and inclined slightly. Prix's heart stopped before racing in fear as the seated hulk raised one, jewel glinting, hand from his robes and pointed at her. Green lips drew back revealing sharp, yellow-white teeth. A deep voice rumbled from behind the teeth —loud enough for her to hear through the overpowering drums— carrying words she did not understand. She did not need to, she knew she was not staying in that cage.

The bars caging her flew open leading to the plate walk. Torch bearers lined each side of the cage exit. From behind the seated hulk six four legged rat-like creatures —each at least 1.5 meters long and .5 meters at the shoulder— waddled into the cage and began pushing and pulling her out of it. She stood as far as she could and followed where the rats lead her. They guided her —nudging, pulling, and sometimes snapping— through the torch bearers and behind the seated hulk. Behind the floating throne were oversized iron chains towing a topless cage; inside of the cage were chained other Huso. More armored hulks, bearing heavy blades instead of torches, opened the cage as Prix was pushed in with others.

----------------

Ganto was a team sport, that could wind up a one on one match. It was times like those that Prix excelled. It was the final regional match of the season, the winner would go on to the kingdom championship. The opposing team had lead for most of the match, dispatching 4 of her 9 team mates within moments of the first round. It had then been a grueling 5 minutes as her team —the Sen'Lon Comet-stars— regrouped and fought hard to match the Fara'Het Dragons kill for kill, point for point; and then Prix turned the tide, knocking out all but one of the Dragons. The match was now mats'vie —a final one on one match, no time limit. The final Fara'Het Dragon heard his teammates demise and had doubled back a long way to try to out flank an attack by the final Comet-star. But Prix —who had been nicknamed Ez'Rapta after the fierce mountain tigers— would not be outflanked.

Neither Prix or the final Dragon could hear the roaring crowd from beyond the battle-dome; they could not hear the chants of "Rapta! Rapta! Rapta!" as Prix stalked the Dragon. Over the chants of the cheering of the crowd, an amplified voice called out the action of the match ensuring that all would feel this drama, "The dragons have been slain by the tiger! A fight as old as time! Who will prevail! The Great dragon, or the cunning Tiger?!". The dragon moved quietly, listening for Ez'Rapta —and heard nothing. Then, as he turned to loop around his original path, he heard her land behind him. He ducked as he spun, her club whooshing through the air were his head had been. He continued his spin and struck blindly at her attacking hand, landing the blow. She growled as her club bounced off the ground. The dragon seized on the opportunity and raised his own club while closing the distance to Ez'Rapta, not seeing the hollow metal ganto ball in her hand. Before his first charging step hit the ground the ball struck him between the eyes, stunning him for a split second, he could not react to Prix grabbing his club wrist, stepping behind him and throwing him to the ground; all breath left him as he struck the ground. He could see the killing blow coming with his own club; still struggling for breath, and anticipating a head blow, he closed his eyes. Ez'Rapta —mercifully— brought the club down on his chest-plate ending his, and his teams, match.

The Dome opened and the roaring of the crowd shook the Ganto battle grounds. As the match-ending kill, the final dragon had not been rendered unconscious; Prix offered her hand to him with words of sportsmanship, "That was a really good strike, I almost thought you had me." The dragon met her eyes, "Thank you for not going for a head blow." he got to his feet, and left to rejoin his rising teammates, Prix's own teammates had regained consciousness and were swarming her. The amplified voice recounted the drama of the last seconds of the match, "The vaunted skill of the dragons has encountered the fearless master of combat Ez'Rapta..."

---------------

Everything was happening in a flurry, her guards removed her chains, and her clothing. Her shock at being suddenly naked was replaced with confusion and dull dread as her taku-cotton day-toga was replaced with a tunic of stiff wool and an ill fitting leathern half vest. Her guards fastened the vest to her followed by panels of leather over her shoulders. She could see her cage-mates ahead of her getting the same treatment. A retinue of robed hulks, led by one who's robes were darker and chains were brighter was moving up and down the line. When they came to her, the robed hulk spoke into a mask he was carrying, moments later a mechanical voice like the one that had followed the klaxons spoke to her, "What do your people call you?". She had no clear idea what was happening, the armor and the chants gave her an idea, how she had gone from walking to unconscious, to in a cage, to here, was beyond her, she believed she might be dreaming, maybe she had been drugged and was caught in fever nightmare, wherever she was, she thought these hulks expected her to fight, she responded, "Ez'Rapta". The ornate hulks green lips peeled back in what seemed to her to be smile followed by a huffing that she took as laughter, "you may call me 'handler' Ez'Rapta."

One by one the handler asked the same question of each prisoner in its translated voice; after which he sat upon a dais in the middle of the holding area. Behind the dais were hallways from which chanting and cheering could be heard from. When her time came, she was led into one of the dark halls. With every step and every corner the chanting and roaring grew louder. As she rounding the last corner, she could see light and the source of the overpowering din. At the end of the hall stood waiting leather clad prisoners like herself flanked by more guards, she was led to the end of the queue just before the opening of the hall. Past them she could see an open area of dirt and her immediate fate.

Two fighters were kicking up a cloud of dust, one looked similar to the Ophele of Ver'mel. It had the same goat like face and horns with knees that bent backwards, but was taller and covered in black hair. The goats opponent looked like one of the armored hulks that was guarding them, except slightly smaller and with the same leathern armor as the captive fighters. Both were armed with axes, the goat's was a broad doubled headed one, while the hulk's had a single long, wide blade opposite a hammer head. Each blow rang over the cheering crowd, the hulk seemed to be winning the fight; the goat met each blow with his ax but lost ground, the hulk striking too quickly to let the goat make any attacks of their own. The hulk pressed for victory with a powerful overhead strike, the goat swung up hard to meet the blow, the hulk's ax cut through the tormented ax head and split the shaft. The hulk roared triumphantly and the crowd roared with him. The goat staggered back but kept his feet, from the side of the arena one of the guards ran out and stabbed a sword into the dirt on the goats side of the arena. He made a break for it while the hulk taunted him. When the goat was halfway to the sword, the cheering swelled as the hulk raised his ax and began a charge towards the goat. The hulk was fast and the goat had only moments to yank to sword from the ground and swing up to meet another overhead blow. The sword rang and held, but his arm did not. The hulks heavy ax glanced off the sword deflecting his blow into the goat's shoulder. The goat let out deathly scream as he was driven to the ground, the broad ax blade sunk into his shoulder to the middle of his chest. The hulk yanked his ax from the goats chest and its cries became faint. The hulk turned his ax to the hammer side and raised it, bringing it down in an arc, smashing the goat's head into chunks of skull, bloody meat and mist. One of its horns landed close to the hall in which she stood.

An amplified voice was speaking to the crowd and they chanted in response —in words she did not understand. The hulk crossed his chest with his arms and ax, bowed, and marched out of the arena with his ax held high.

----------------

Her turn came, a flimsy shield was strapped to one of her arms, a rusted ax thrust into her other hand, and she was ushered her onto the dirt. Across the arena stalked a large hairless brut. They reminded Prix of the Vesta people, but larger and much darker than she had ever seen, his skin was almost black, and covered with whirls and barbaric patterns of bright red, white, and gold. The Vesta of her world rivaled the Huso in size in strength, but her opponent, although possessing the same barrel like legs, and long heavily muscled arms, was nothing of her world. Her captures pushed her farther into the arena, and the officiator beckoned to her; she was to go to the center. As she got closer could see he was much taller than her. Prix began to realize, she was going to fight for her life, and she may lose. Her opponent sensed her fear and began howling at the crowd bringing them to their feet; the arena was filled with cheering and what Prix guessed were words. It must be a dream, Prix thought, and yet, she could smell sand and grease, carried on drafts of air, this must be real. She was standing were the officiator had put her, 10 meters facing her opponent in the center of the arena. The chanting crowd had calmed Prix's nerves, this is a familiar place, Prix began to think this may be a dream, and although she had never seen this place, she has been a warrior, in this very position: the smaller, younger, opponent, the one destined to lose. As the youngest female Ganto initiate ever on Ver'mel, Prix had been the target of harassment often; The Ganto gym reprimanded her for "participating in unsanctioned violence" in her second week there: for a fight she did not start, but as they say, finished. It was one of her first memories, and now hot air filled her nose and throat as it did then, hot blood filled her muscles. Her mind focused instinctually, she tested her grip on her weapons, years of training with ganto sticks fortified her muscle memory, she made some practice swings with her ax, the crowd became louder, the big Vesta turned to her and made a sawing motion across his neck, a threat known among all humanoids of any space.

If this a dream, Prix thought to herself, which it must be, because the alternative is...impossible, then I will be the master of my destiny as I am in real life. This opponent doesn't think so, but I know I can beat them.

She hefted the ax, the crowd cheered louder, as the dream Vesta —as Prix had decided to call them— it seemed had little need for armor, allowing his many tattoos to be seen through white straps, and plates of armor, placed to provide protection to only portions of their body. The officiator held up their hand, tilting their head to the Vesta who nodded, then the officiator looked at Prix; she set herself into a charging stance, shield guarding high, ax low, and nodded.
