

Ban'Vara: the Ordotos Veteum Protima(Segetum Custodia-Galatium), Knight-Guardians of the endless void —the sword of the protectorate.

The Ban'Vara float among the stars, meditating, sleeping, and dreaming of sacred music. Their relicor —an artificial consciousness implanted in their minds— is an ever-present companion. In the galaxy called Gemi'holon, in a spiral tip called sector Emhetra, the Custodia-Galatium at-arms, oxa'acolyte, Ban'Vara, Neta Domiata was awoken by her relicor, Er'dateus.

"Neta are you lucid? We are called. The cosmic guard battles a powerful enemy, colloquially known as the Vhm."
Neta opened her eyes, "Thank you Er'dateus, I am awake and ready for briefing". Her black eyes and sivler pupils dilated and constricted as her vision focused. The neural interface in her suit began showing her information in the sides of her vision. The fluid voice of Er'dateus filled Neta's mind; it had always reminded the Ban'Vara of her sister.

"The Vhm are an unpleasant species, their origins and exact motivations are unknown. We know they are cycle swarmers, and they are swarming in protectorate border space. How they were able to get close enough to breach the frontier, is not known at this time..."
The ritual briefing was designed to help the ban vara recall their knowledge, as well as brief on the current situation. As the relicor spoke, Neta remembered her simulated battles with the Vhm. They were extremely hostile and could overrun planets in minutes. They were invisible until they interacted with normal space and could teleport anywhere their overseers flew. As the briefing continued images of Vhm warriors cycled through her vision. When rendered visible, they are many limbed insectoid like creatures covered in colorless reflective, shapeshifting, diamond-hard, scales and plate.

The bodies of the Vhm do not conform to standard geometries, many of their limbs have blades of various types and sizes, only meta-matter derived munitions were effective at neutralizing the Vhm, luckily for Neta, and the legionatus, most trooper issued tunneling scopes would be able to see the Vhm when not visible. The Cosmic Gaurd should have been able to deploy containment shields, such shields would not stand up to sustained assualt by the Vhm. When breakthroughs occur, the gaurd will be quick to seal the hole, but it is only a matter of time before the Vhm begin breaking through quickly enough, forcing the guard to fall back.

"A strategical intelligence error led to the deployment of exa'legionate troopers to defend border colonies which were targeted by the Vhm, several were overrun before the cosmic guard could reinforce the legionatus. Even now all the guard can do is slow the Vhm down while citizens are evacuated. We are deploying to one of 7 planets currently under attack" Neta's ship, which had slept while she had, was now waking up. The hum of its grav reactors grew as they began feeding more power to warming up systems. The ban vara slept in their pilot seat, and as the nav coordinates for her mission were confirmed in her briefing, Neta began working her console with one hand —powering up engines and systems— and calculating information in her nav system with the other.

"Protectorate strategic command has called for a total defensive response to halt the swarm, and reclaim vassal space. The Custodia-Galatium are sending one column of ban vara to each planet. They are calling this operation _Hevra Sword and Shield_, this sortie will be the largest you've ever been a part of..." Indeed, only in simulations had Neta been part of such a large operation. She had been on mostly solo missions, only rarely being part of a team of ban vara with a seasoned commander, but this was a dire situation. Her visual interface told her billions had already died in a dozen systems: the Vhm were only getting started, trillions more would die if they were not stopped. Over the aeons, the murderous swarm have evolved a strategy to squash all resistance; part of which was to take large swaths of galaxies —entire sectors— at once, crippling any large empires and eradicating the rest. If unchecked, they would occupy and destroy all life in an entire sector in mere months.

"We are ready for sub-novum translation, we are to use the prima channels for instant deployment. We will be under the command of column commander Get'tra Lume, overall operation commander is Vo'Strada Xerat'aa..." Neta made some final checks and confirmed the ship was primed for travel, a soft light from the translation field bathed her ship, all systems were at full power, she would barely have time to set her loadout before making planet fall. The relicor's briefing was over, it was now time for Neta to act. Engaging a deep-space jump was a manual process by design, one by one, Neta went through a checklist as she toggled switches in the cockpit of _Star Piercer_. It began to move, pointing to its destination.

"Thank you Er'dateus, do you have recommendations for armaments?"
"Yes Neta, sachra class primitive weaponry is the most effective against the Vhm"

Neta completed the pre translation sequence, _Star Piercer_ was ready to take her to where she was called. She engaged the translation drive, the engines whined and for an instant —nothing happened. Suddenly space folded around her ship in a cylinder, in front of her only blackness while stars coalesced and flowed at the edges of the void which her ship dove into. Space curled, then uncurled around the Star Piercer, the stars flowed away and collapsed on each other, and the dark void melted and gave way to a field of stars above a blue-green planet —named by its inhabitants Tref'leo, its surface crisscrossed with the fires of war.

Lighting against the blackness above Tref'leo, more protectorate ships translated into the orbit of the war torn world. Her orders flowed into her neuro-com from local command, she was to be part of the ground war. In a higher, slower orbit a fierce void battle would play out. Her ban vara brothers and sisters battled alongside the legionatus, the cosmic guard, and the proto-fleet void assault core. It was they who would ultimately defeat the Vhm incursion. Neta was to help hold the Vhm in place and 'present threat to the Vhm overseers' while the Plago Hedra put in place planetary defenses. It would be the first time she had been part of such a stratagem, which the savants-of-war had named the Negualis Full Drop and Full Hold.

Her orders were updated with targets. She spoke to her relicor, who had downloaded all of mission data.
"What is the engagment doctrine?"

"In approximatly 8 minutes bombardment wings Etcha 23 through 30 will deploy sub-novem wave disruptors, starting with our deployment zone, the western continent Alkais. The wave disruptors will render the Vhm visible. Strategic command believes the overseers will go to ground for the protection of the warriors once their phase ability is disabled. Our HUD is displaying a scout cruiser's sensor feed."
The HUD displayed the continent Alkais with a line roughly following its eastern shore marking the zone which the legionatus —a mostly planet bound force— and the cosmic guard held. On the other side of the line was a zone of 100 miles to the eastern shore in which nothing but Vhm lived. A symbol in her HUD indicated which side was losing ground. The Vhm —for the moment— were winning. Slowly gaining square mile after square mile, and would eventually overrun the ground forces protecting the evactuations. The relicore did not need to elaborate more, once the overseers were fully phased into the real dimension they would be visible and Neta could hunt them. They would be guarded, and overseers will retreat if they sense enough danger. She would have to move in quick, not get bogged down by warriors and guardians and kill the overseers —fairly formidable warriors themselves.

Her ship had arrived at her launch point, she killed its forward motion —stopping its orbit— and used its thrusters to hover above the launch point.
"Perhaps we will catch them off guard" Neta wondered aloud
"That is a possibility"

---------------------------------------------------

Prix settled into her holdout, a lone defender of three (including Shemeshe) from her group, the other two been killed in a Vhm ambush. They had been assinged to screen against Vhm that break through the containment line; she had yet to process the death of Shemeshe. The smoke filled zone was considered an unsecured warzone, and the support trooper carried her long range plasma rifle. She had needed to reload her twenty round mag several times already. The planet was hell as far as she could tell, and she didn't think she would live long. They were being attacked by something invisible, and nearly indestructible. She had been outfitted with a Xyro'Exetus-Arms HX-48 long barrel rifle system, with remote tunneling scopes, and a breach capable of firing 75.ca Spindro-plasma rounds: rounds that could peirce reflective diamond armor —the only class of muntions that had been effective against their invisible enemies.

Her hilltop station had been designated "Breach 402", an ominous moniquer in Prix's mind. "Is this it?", she thought, "Is it my turn to be fodder, a sacrifice, for the greater good?" It was unlikly that any rescue mission would happen, their enemy inflicted such devastation to biological bodies that no resusitation, or consciousness transfer could occur. At least she had the troopers promise, plenty of ammo, and a working rifle. In her case a big one, firing rounds containing massive amounts of energy, .75ca "star shard" rounds. They had been granted a large supply of these rounds. "Star Shards" were what the older troopers called "Prime tech", the sort of munitions given to Ban'Vara, or even Ultra'Vara. Expertly engineered, and so powerful that they are designed to desintegrate if it moves past its intended target —to avoid excess colatoral damage.

A Vhm warrior that broke through containment and ran directly into her sight line, she fired, _Prump_. Every shot kicked into her shoulder under heavy shock absorbation (the best Xyro'Exetus Arms could provide), and large flames shot from foward facing plasma vents in the barrel. Her round struck home near-instantly, a hole of fire marked its trail. Her helm scope stayed focused on her target, and she confirmed her kill through its monochrome view, a second later she heard the tell tale Vhm death pop; another warrior was coming into range to the east. Prix focused her rifle scope on it quickly. The invisible Vhm warrior had six legs, and six upper appendages that could be used as legs and arms. Its body was not attached like most things of this universe, it could take many shapes and sizes, and appear to be attached at different points to the rest of the appendages. The heads also did not maintain shape, but would always confirm to a tetrahedron (or doubled to be an ocathedron) shape. From its appendages and head, on evey inch of surface were jutting blades, small to large, some aligned like scales, others elongated into spikes. The spikes were longest on the six upper appendages, some flattened like swords, others formed into hammer spades or sickle scythes. Prix had seen many things as a trooper, but nothing as nightmarish as this. She trained her rifle on her best approximation of the Vhm's central mass (no need for head shots with Star-Shards) and with two fingers, gently squeezed the trigger. _Prump_

Prix had been informed, "the armor underneath Vhm scales is every bit as hard as the scales themselves". The Star-Shards shattered through all of the diamond hard layers, sending metalic scales flying and twinkling; the Vhm stopped moving and collapsed. Once life left a Vhm, they froze and instantly shrank to a fraction of there orginal size leaving a viod in the atmosphere and sending poping shockwaves through the air. Once reflective armor, became matted and fractured scales which turned to dust at the slighest touch.

She fought alongside giants, the cosmic gaurd, but had not seen one in awhile, they were fighting a mile east of her. Only once before had she been deployed with the Cosmic Gaurd; that time, she barely saw them in action: the enemy surrendered after only minutes of onslaught by the Guard's Heavy Armored Infantry. The power-armored soldiers had everything a trooper could wish for; powered, armored, mechanized, flying, frames. The frames turned the into 4 meter tall mobile, mechanized, soldiers. Their armor alloy is diamond hard, impenatrable to all but the most powerfull weapons. They also had a tradition of ruling all spheres; water, land, air, and the void. With support from a variety of craft, and their own ablitily to fly gave them automatic dominance in most ground-battles. Each power-armored suit had multiple hardpoints for weapons, sheilds and other implements, some of the Gaurd were helping to power the containment feild with their own sheilds. Prix was part of the rear overwatch for the main force, far from the actual containment wall, but small Vhm warriors were slipping through in large numbers; and more than a few were making it past the Gaurd sentinels: Prix was to make sure those Vhm didn't make it farther behind the containment line.

Her neuro-com began furiously relaying messages from the column commander. "If there is a breakthrough, fall back, the..shhht..shp...alling", there was interferance; in the corner of Prix's HUD red dots appeared; each a Vhm warrior, they began swarming to a point at the containment line, several lone dots found cracks and broke through. "popopshhh..shht...see a breakthrough, fall back, the sword is falling".

----------------------------------------------------------------

Neta's loadout was completed, she had realized half-way through, this was likely to be the most challenging engagment of her life. She had outfitted sachra class swords and sheilds, novum fracture gernades, swapped her ultra-shuriken with Dhoven bound-shuriken, holstered a second Sov Harpoon, a 100.ca repeating kentic sluggar, and a Sortabine Rifle. Weapons that could lay waste to armies of lesser beings; she would need all of it defeating the Vhm. As the Star Piercer floated above her deploy point Er'dateus confirmed final preparations, "Your suit is powered for combat, loadout locked, otron-scanaport (teleport) primed and ready, a new breach in the containment is our priority objective, landing point designation Breach-406". Neta's finger hovered above the launch trigger, waiting for the order, timing was crucial for this mission. Her neuro-com came to life, on the command all channel, with the signature of Exeka'Commandata Vo'Strada, "Auto deploy all, engage planned maneuvers, all hunters weapons free."

Neta kept very few rituals, one of them was her habit of honoring the troopers, who go to face death, sometimes certain, in the defense of the defensless, most often without the benefit of a Ban'Vara armory. Most Custodia used the technical "Engaging otron port" to signal their deployment. Here, were she spoke only to herself and her relicor, and only they would know of her habit; she used the same timeless words uttered in millions of languages in millions of ways, to legions of the willing and unwilling, "Drop".

----------------------------------------------------------------

"Well", thought Prix, "...this is it, I'm buying the farm, my bird is cooked, or whatever they call it when your about to be dusted on the floors of an intergalatic conflict." The Gaurd had failed to fall back smoothly, and they were mired in a fighting retreat over a ridge a mile from Prix. Shemeshe would be covering from that ridge if she was still 'acitve'. She shot down Vhm after Vhm, some getting close, too close. To retreat now would be sucicide without the Guard for cover, and a violation of legionatus creed; to flee while those she supported fought for their lives. Despite the order to fall back, she knew she must hold, and hope a fool's hope for and evac teleport. She sent another request, (more of plea this time) for assitance, which she spoke calmly into crackling static. She did not get so much as a bandwidth request in response, only the ocean of static that permeates everything.

Prix thought she could tast metal in her mouth, somehow...she knew that's what she would taste while she died under the blades of the Vhm: as her blood filled her mouth, and nano-specks of alloy from the ghastly Vhm implement she had been impaled on made it to her dying, flaring, nostrils. She drove those thoughts from her mind —that was all she had the courage to do— ignore the inevitable. She kept firing _Prump_ _Prump_ _Prump_. How long until the Gaurd were overwhelmed, how many would it take to swarm her? It took all her courage to look at her HUD tactical map. The Gaurd were surrounded now, holding ground, but were much fewer than before, their ranks slowly shrinking as they fought and killed until killed. She downed a brace of warriors _Prump_ _Prump_ _Prump__Prump_, one of them escaped over a ridge, going behind, she was grateful she had been able to set trip mines behind her.

Prix was getting scared, her knees felt week, she trembled causing her cross hairs to dance wildly, her mouth twisted as her stomach clenched, threatening fill her mask vomit, she choked it back. She missed her next four shots, and Vhm were getting past her. Six Vhm, followed by four more appeared from the ridgeline from were the Gaurd squad fought on. After two calming breathes, Prix took aim, _Prump_ _Prump_ _Prump__Prump__Prump_, she didn't miss, and downed two with one round. After such a succesion of kills, adrenaline overwhelmed fear, and she shot down another four; only for the beginings of a full swarm to break from the ridge, hundreds of Vhm warriors (the start of thousands) coming straight toward her. She checked her ammo: enough for a siege, "I might have a lifetime supply" she thought, the dark humor abolishing her fear and calming her fraying nerves. Her HUD told her she had 6 rounds left in her current mag. She brought up her rifle scope, and put the cross hairs on a Vhm torso —no need to lead with Star-Shards.

She had nearly pulled the trigger when her proximity alarm went off; her scope view zoomed back, following emergency protocol when a close combantant is engaging. The scope itself folded over to allow a hologrpahic projection sight to deploy above the rifle barrel. Red dots appeared on her map behind her, Vhm, very close. She was halfway around when another trip mine exploded, knocking a Vhm warrior back down the side of the path it was crawling up. She counted 2 more behind, Prix didn't hesitate firing three quick shots, all of which landed. More Vhm were comming behind, she put rounds on them, like she had millions of times in the simulators. She recalled her swarm-siege training, and when a mag was empty, she let it fall and slammed in another as fast as she could. More mines exploded, some Vhm had gotten on the slopes above her, she shot them down. The Vhm corpses stuck strangly to the sides of the big hill. They were getting closer, so was the swarm in front her from the ridge.

The blue dots were dwindling, Prix felt the world closing around her, the light growing dark. She wasn't able to put mags in faster than they could close in. Without warning, a Vhm ambushed her, she fired at point blank range blowing a giant hole in its torso; she turned back to the Vhm coming from behind her. Another abushed her mid-turn, this one cutting off the last inch of the barrel of her weapon as she shot at it, the exaust caught fire to the Vhm's blade, and it pulled back quickly. She could feel it coming, the kill strike. Time slowed, her limbs felt heavy, she was sad, and scarred, she didn't want to go out this way, she only hoped it was quick. She asked Huala to forgive her, she hadn't prayed in years —she had stopped believing long ago— she knew it was cliche, the older troopers said almost everyone "prays to some maker" when they think it's the end. She killed another Vhm at point blank range, the exaust flames blowing wildly after the round from the damaged barrel. Out of the corner of her Vhm-detecting eye visor she saw an incoming spade blade, it was all she could do to move out of its way. Instead of her torso as intended, it struck through her rifle, missing her trigger fingers by inches, the two peices fell uselessly to the ground. She was defensless, she had no other weapons that would not pass through the Vhm harmlessly. She could still see them though, it raised its spikes and blades above her, she looked up, and could tasted metal in her mouth.

----------------

By the best estimates of the Eradeus Maxur, between 10,000 to 50,000 legionatus troopers meet their end every day somewhere within the hundred and thirty two galaxies that the legionatus patrol. A vanishingly small number when wieghed against the trillions that fight; it is rare for troopers to go down, and even rarer for the Cosmic Gaurd to fall. The grounds of Tef'leo were extracting a high toll on the legions of the Maxur today; Exeka'Commadora Vo'strada Hotho, Principle Director of Battle Task Fleet Drogos Prima, commander of all Protectoratium forces engaged in operation "Hevra Sword and Shield", was infuriated. She would end this bleeding of heros immediatally. From her Strato'observatorium she orderded the Custodia warriors (Ban'Vara) into position. She had watched as the Cosmic Gaurd lines fell, and heard pleas for back up and extraction, pleas she could not respond to, until the time was right.

The Vhm are a deadly enemy, Vo'strada was expreinced enough to know. Once she had been a general, her army had been part of a brutal, thirty thousand year, campaing against the Vhm. As soon as the Pro'desa(prime) class forces of the Ban'Vara, and Uru'Osta under her command engaged the Vhm front line, the Under-Queens will retailiate, and the overloards will go to ground making them much harder to kill. And so she could not reveal her forces to aid the troopers and gaurd, for the ground attack must be coordinated with her heavy strike fleet. Vo'Strada must kill the Prima'Queen that launched this attacked, the queen was the source of everything —and a formidable mind. It is the Prima'Queen that gives them the ability to teleport —and even exist in this universe. In order to halt the threat to the sector, Vo'Strada must kill her, quickly. Else the Prima Queen will conceal herself and her armies, and turn this hunt into a bloody a thousand year campaign —in which countless inocents will die.

In accordance with the 2nd Protectoratium Rule of Strategy: "Speed kills, speed wins", the 72nd "Each column (army/fleet) is a sword", the 23rd "Each engagment is like no other", and the 114th "Choreograph, each strike for maximum surprise", Vo'Strada devised a strategy of systimatically countering the Vhm's predicted response before they could regroup, counter-strike. This would require most of her forces to engage simultanously, the mangnitude was intended to make it look like a so called "alpha-strike"; but it is not, for Vo'strada followed the 3rd Protectoratium Rule of Strategy, "Deceive thy enemy".

Vo'Strada gave the final order herself opening a channel and broadcasting in all Protectoratium languages, through her command neuro-com, "Auto deploy all, engage planned maneuvers, all hunters weapons free". Information flowed into her mind-interface, stats, data, reports from sub-commanders; she directed the front-line Ban'Vara to the areas of most dire need first. Marking out a few dozen stranded troopers that will meet their end in moments without assistance.

Her order propogated and her forces struck. She always admired those Ban'Vara, especially the Sonovia ones, Vo'Strada had requested as many Sonovia Domiata and Sordoxa as she was able to find with short notice. All the ones she had known —and she'd known thousands— had been —in her mind— perfect beings. Humble and pure, raised in the most secluded and guarded bosom of the Protectoratium. Also strong, stronger than most beings that have ever lived; able to live in the void unaided (their name means "void angel"), to sleep, and awake to strike with the fury of a flaming comet.

The Ban'Vara's orders were to assist all friendly forces, and then find and kill as many Overlords(and Over-overlords) as quickly as possible —and she knew they would. The Custodia Galatium were peerless warriors in any engagment Vo'Strada would ever be in. They cut through all assailants that stand in the way of their marks, like a molten sword through fat.

Vo'Strada had little time to enjoy the relief that most of the distressed troopers had gotten the assistance they desperataly needed. Her strike cruisers also engaged the enclave of the PrimaQueen, and bombers rained down sub-novem wave disruptors (AKA electro-fracturing grenade), capable of wrenching the Vhm fully into our dimension: making them visible, and slightly more vulnerable. Two more strike-cruisers supported by carriers would attack the mid-lines between the Prima'Queen (who was floating far from Tref'leo), and the Vhm ground warriors. One group will attack the Ultra-overloards and their escorts, and the other group will strike at the Under-queens: the fierce daughters of the Prima'Queen. A final, elite, strike group had been reserved for their mother, Strike Group "Hesta-45". They would ensure the Prima'Queen could not escape, and were special equipped to terminate her existence.

--------------------------------

Neta landed wielding a Sov'Harpoon in each hand, and immediatally killed 2 Vhm warriors, one of which had just disarmed Prix, and was about to slaughter her. The air around Neta shimmered with "graviton-kickback" as she loosed a dozen rounds into Vhm all over the hill side. Prix was motionless, slumped on her knees, her head arching upward to track Neta as she flew into the air. The Ban'Vara instanced a long barrled gun, built for at least two hands, and of a similar design as the weapon Prix weilded, only larger. Some would call what Neta was aiming down on the advancing Vhm swarm a "machine gun", one that fired 100.ca spin-mag PXplasma rounds —larger versions of the one Prix was armed with.

Neta landed at the edge of a sheer drop off, on the side of the path leading to Prix's holdout, Breach-406, and started firing her kinetic slugger. Her salvos sweeped from side to side, the thundering reports from the 100.ca igniters drowned out the Vhm deaths bursts. The last thing Prix saw before she was teleported to an evac ship, was the Ban'Vara leaping into the air toward the remaining Vhm, machine gun firing, and Vhm dying.








---------------------------
