"Do you accept the risks, of being lost forever?"
The translated output voice matched Neta's response in melodic Sonovian: "I understand, and accept the risks maestro."
"Go with honor Neta Domiata, prove your worth as a custodia-at-arms, and bring peace to the infinite worlds"

Neta walked through the infinite gate. The pure white of the gate melted into green and blue and she found her self in a forest on a ridge near a path. There was a commotion on the path below, 6 armored warriors mounted on massive cat like animals were opposite a group of unarmed, rag dressed crowd. One of the smaller ragged civilians was being held by one of the warriors, Neta recognized them as a child of these people. She could sense that the crowd and the child were in danger.

As she had been instructed, she recalled her mission —and the only way out of the infinite palace— to bring peace to the infinite worlds. Angry shouts began to rise from the crowd, the child began to cry, Neta could hear fear in her wail. A stone lobbed from one of the civilians clanged off the helmet of the lead mounted warrior who let out growl of anger and pain while making a slicing motion at the crowd. The mounted warriors surged forward swinging broad curved swords cutting heads and limbs, their mounts mauling any that got within range of their teeth and claws.

Neta moved quickly with leaping bounds from the ridge, as soon as she was on the ground she sprinted towards the trailing warrior. Under the cover of the slaughter, no one saw her charge and leap at the warrior she had targeted. Her tackle knocked him off of his mount, breaking his sword arm as they landed, he roared in pain; in a single, circular motion she took up his sword and sliced through his throat, turning his cries to slowing gurgles. His enraged mount turned on her to avenge their guardian, Neta closed the distance to it quickly, ducking and rolling under the giant cat's lunge, slicing up into its throat while it was still in the air above her. She rolled away as it fell lifelessly to the ground. Now armed with a sword she felled another warrior and mount before her presence and deeds became noticed. The 4 remaining mounted warriors attempted to turn the tide in their favor, but Neta —now armed with two swords, covered in the blood which payed for them— could not be surrounded. She leapt at the warriors in turn, with her skill and strength, she needed to strike each only once. Peace had come, at least to this path.
