Sor'Hig remebers long ago warmth and the mothers. Cleaning him, feeding him, keeping him warm. And then Sor'Hig slept his first long sleep, and when he awoke, he was no longer a mewling, helpless, larva, but a powerful warrior, wrought from the bones of the universe, a birth right he would pay for by satisfying the hunger. The hunger, the famish, was all consuming, he did not think of anything else, for he was Sor'Hig, part of the Hix'bru, one of many. The Great Mother spoke to all Hix'bru, and when she called for Sor'Hig, it mattered not which Sor'Hig she spoke of, for all were to do her biding.

Great Mother told them warmth, and sustance awaited them. She told them, their bodies and hearts are one, and they all knew it to be true. But first she said, they must sleep another long sleep, and it will be cold, and the famish will never fully be from us, but we feel it all together, and so that is why it is great, for we all feel the hunger of all who are born from the Great Mother, and it must be satiated. She told them this, and all knew it to be true. We shall drift together, our minds will rest together, there are dangers were we go, and we must worry long about them while we drift. As always, they knew their Great Mother was true, for they were part of her, her very being vibrated and sung through the minds of all Hix'bru, their very existence, resonated with hers. Sor'Hig, and all other Hix'bru, knew in their souls, that they were literal shards, pieces, of the Great Mother.
