It was dark, and fear gripped Prix. She lay on something cold and hard, her eyes gradually focused on shimering lights orbiting each other, making a vague circle in her vision. The smell of odd smoke filled her nostrils, she could tell there was fire nearby, invoking chilhood memories of camping, and family, and safety, feelings which evaporated quickly as her eyes focused more. Her limbs felt as if she was awaking from a restful sleep, she was able to bend her waist, and raise her head and body without much effort, she felt a weight around her neck and her hands went to her throat were she felt cold hard steel encircling her neck. She felt her blood run cold at the presence of the collar. She was in a house sized circular room, a fire and two cages made three points of a triangle centered within room. The fire was the only source of light illuminating the room the two cages, and their occupants. The walls were featurless and black in the amber light of the fire. Drums sounded far in the distance sending diffuse, humming, vibrations through the floor and bars of her cage. The walls rose around her and curved to come together at the spinning lights which were fan blades, the edges of the wall creating a hole for the fan to spin in. In the other cage she could see a lump of clothing that she assumed was another captive like herself.

Time passed, the drums would grow louder, then quieter, always a soft low boom would resonate in the room, so even when the beats were no longer crisp, Prix still knew time was being kept by some tireless, far-away drummer. She tried to recall how she got here, but a fog had descended on her mind, and some thoughts would flee from her mind when she tried to focus on them. Her confusion mixed with fear. Her sense of self was here yet not here, she could remember nothing from before she awoke, yet she knew there were memories there. She sat watching the smokeless fire. The flames danced for her, not in a mindless way, but with form. She could see bodies in the flames, moving with each other, like they were dancing. Except it was not mere dancing, there was violence in the movements. The flames crackled and sparked as each vision smite another, the amber flames momentarily turning dark red as flame spirits crashed into each other.

At some point she slept, but she did not know it. Her dreams were filled with warriors of fire, crashing into each other, striking with axes and swords of flame. It was a melee of fire, when one warrior fell, the victorious pushed towards a great funnel of flame, from which new warriors sprang into those below, were they would burn brightly in combat until one fell, and one moved close to the firestorm. The funnel began to grow, enveloping the flame warriors, taking them into its bosom, their fury adding to the chaotic fire malestrom. The funnel grew until it filled all of Prix's vision, its heat burning her, she could smell burning flesh... She awoke, sitting cross legged facing the fire. She was covered in sweat, and could still smell the firestorm in her nostrils. As her eyes focused and her breathing slowed, she realized that she could no longer hear drums, and there was someone standing by the fire.

It was a tall thin figure, standing near a far edge of the room and facing the fire, they wore a hood that hid all features in shadow. She stared at them, waiting and wondering if they were staring back from the shadow of their hood. Her mind was a storm of fear and confusion, shadows of memories flew from her mind when she tried to grasp them; her sense of self was only herself in this room. Through the fog of fear, she found her voice, "Hello".

The figure turned towards her, she had no doubts it was now looking at her, she could feel the glints under its hood focusing on her.

"You are a blessed one" It was a male voice, filling the room, in perfect Vostian (her primary language). Prix did not understand what he meant. He started moving closer to her, on legs which did not disturb his robe. Prix's fear propelled her out of her cross legged posture, and up to stand. The mysterious figure slowed to a stop a few feet from Prix's cage-dome. The fire illuminating a long metal mask under the hood. A mask with four eyes. She could see no mouth, yet could hear him clearly as he started speaking.
"You are Sem'dequa. That is what we call a one destined for glory. What did you dream about Ez'rapta?"
"Ez'rapta"
"That was one of your names, from a previous life."
"My name is Prix", some memory of herself remained. She retained fluency in four languages (Prix had dreamed in all of them). As well as her name and some unnamable instincts.
"Yes, but you were also a warrior"
"What do you know about me? What's wrong with me?"
"You have been blessed you. All the come here are damaged, haunted. And if not, the experience of transition is traumatizing. We of the Counciloloria have spared you from trauma. Your natural talents, instincts and intelligence, which have been left intact. You have been additionally blessed by my presence. You are favored to do well in your upcoming trials, and much money has been wagered on your success. Enough that the power brokers of this place have hired me, to ensure their investment."

Prix's head swam, _what trials?_.

------
------
Let it not be said we did not gift anything to you, before you die, you will know yourself, be you rat, or lion
