In the ultra distant future, light pushes on darkness. In the beginning life cared only to live until it could procreate. Confined to pools of sludge, only wishing to outrun in the inevitable long enough to fulfill their life mission. Unlike mindless matter, life is ever restless, evolving in complexity; always for a simple purpose. Feed, compete, mate. "Life is driven" so says the Cult of Life, it is a drive that manifests as audacious passion and courage. The cult savants refer to a turning point for any organism, called the Sapient Inflection. A point when life ceases to not only be a collection of organs and instinct, but also something capable of introspection —and understands the miracle it is.

The Sapient Inflection is a dangerous time. For a race like humankind, it and several cousins reached this point near simultanously. The cousins of man were driven to extinction, nature choosing its favorite son of cruelty. Humans would reach far past their sun, in a vast empire. Like so many, their survival was their death, the human genome only survives as diluted traces in the far future. According to cult savants, such is the fate of all who cannot learn the blessings of balance and pluralism (Tro and Kah).

Once the Sapient Inflection point is reached, there is little to stand in the way of such minds reaching the next rung of ascendance. It is called the Trans-sapient point: when a species can harness the basic forces of nature, and are able to transmit complex information quickly. The Trans-sapient point is often short, as it will either end in ascending to the next rung, or mass death which the species may never recover from.

In the case of humans, they did so in their first million years (40-50 thousands years after becoming the dominate intelligent life). After putting their planet and themselves through cycles of mass extinction, and re-evolution, after two hundred thousand years, they joined the large community of life. Humans like countless other lineages would die out, never ascending.

-----

In the ultra distant future, vast, ancient empires consume the younger. Squeezing and striping birth-worlds of all that is useful, including those that live there. The people assimilated, and their culture replaced with one of servants to their greaters. This is the way of most star spanning hegemonies. The vast distances of space require new methods of control. The Verdixi Collective, reduces their subjects to supplicants. After stripping resources, all of the Verdixi subjects rely on the imperial line to bring food and energy to their worlds, in this way, they maintain control of the leaders on their servant-worlds.

In some corners of the universe, life thrives and dies unbridled of dominating empires. But not this one. In a realm called Sedre'aton a thousand galaxies congregate in cluster. Some close enough to be almost the same. In Sedre'aton, life teems. The Stradta'nexum rules a galaxy, and territories in many others. Worlds under the Nexum control are ruled by powerful governors. They could have a thriving society, or a despotic one, depending on the governor. The Hyperg'enot also dominates an entire galaxy, and large portions of many others. Somehow, the Hyperg'enot mantains iron fisted control over their vast territory. Without their wormhole gates, the grip of the leading family would soon fail. Both empires knew of each other long before they met, when they did meet, a thousand year war ensued. The Hypergenot treating their worlds like any other, while the Nexum fiercely defended their territory. For the next 30 million years, they would know constant battles and skirmishes between them. The home galaxies of the Hypergenot and Nexum were called Ros'magnu and Sprion, respectively. Ros'magnu and Sprion were often close by universe standards, with only a few hundred thousand lightyears between them at their farthest. The galaxy Gemi'Holon floated a greater distance from Ros'magnu and Sprion, held by their gravity, and that of great mass of stars on its other side, known as Fideleria. Gemi'Holon was a great prize, with many bright, blue, young stars. Many galactic overlords maintained bases and colonies in Gemi'Holon, recruiting from its young virgin races to build and harvest.

The greatest force of Sedre'aton is not the Hypergenot or Stradta'Nexum. It is an empire that does not call itself an empire. A ruler the subjegates without subjegating, the Custodia Protectoratium; the Protectorate. The Protectorate was formed by the cult of life, billions of years ago.
