The great moon, was once a living guardian of a people called the Etadex. It and three other moons shared the same orbit of the Etadex home planet, which they named Drexas-Primus. At that time it was called Ogo'dredex, and it's sisters were named Lat'dredex, Bran'dred, and Crep'dred. For 80 million adex they orbited Drexas-Primus through peace and war, and whenever the horrors of the void descended on the heart of the Etadex, it was the eternal sisters that threw them back into the deep night. During peace they served as a symbol to the Etadex and their vassal states, of justice, strength, and progress.

The macro grav anchors that kept their unnatural orbits in place was more than just a display of technological prowess, but also served as gravitic conduits that transmitted energy the _Heda'grata_ which encircled the equator of Drexas-Primus. The mastery of gravitic energy made the eternal sisters a mecca during peace for scientists and researchers among the vassal states of the Etadex. The people of the Etadex ascendancy were cybernetic, many of which inhabited mobile machines of their own desire. An Etadex scientist would be outfitted with for deep void travel great speed and agility in planetary atmospheres of all compositions. They would also be equipped with 

The ruling class of the Etadex were called Tsi Drex, and lived in the Argeos Hemodet Prix, a complex where their organic minds reside connected to the rest in the Argeos. They live in a virtual world and have direct access to the entire ascendancy
