Seleticati, born to the Hur'srata race on the vassal world of Satre'ogo. He was raised by his father and mother who both served in the Satre army. It was their wish to see him become a general, and perhaps be called to fight among the stars, as his grandfather, and uncles had. Hum'rego was a free spirit though, and although he excelled at games of war, he was happiest playing his lyre or painting. His parents were loving, and gave him the education that Hur'strada children recieve, in tactics and games, logistics, and leadership. In their wisdom they knew that, unecumbered, his free spirit would give them honor. After some upheaval, once Hum'rego was an adult, he wanted to leave Satre'ogo as quickly as possible. His family wished him to stay for more training, so that he might join as an officer, but Hum'rego said he would get all the training he needed from the legionatus.


He served in the legionate, rising quickly to squad leader, and then sub-commander, Hum'rego had a distaste for combat he did not hide from his commanders, and so, not wanting his talented mind to go to waste, they referred him to the Stratego Imprexta, the intelligence service of the Eradeus Maxur. There he began his career as an analyst, examing data and scans from distant places, it was here that Hum'rego began to learn of the true size and breadth that was the Concordance Protectoratium, of which his birth world was a vassal.

While in the intelligence service, he gained a knack for spotting worlds with untapped talent. And mastered the art of observation and investigation.
