### The Warriors Way

_"Whoever you are, there is place for you in the Oro Grappa"_ - unknown

_"the sonovia are raised with care"_ - hira-se slander

For all of her young life _E'repadie_ had been the stuff of dreams for Neta Domiata, the red moon that crawled with magic lights had always captured her imagination. When it was not in the sky she would gaze at the smaller, bare moon _Isiopophie_, patiently waiting for magical _E'repadie_. She had learned to mark time longer than the caldex day-night cycle of _Daratia_ by the rising of the great moon _E'repadie_ its illuminated surface overlapped with crescent twilight shadows cast from the planets and suns of the _Ditama_ system. "What are those?" had been one of her first questions she remembers asking, her small fingers following the lighted channels and lines that crossed over the moon. "They are _Sonovia_ like us" her smiling mother had replied. With immense wonder filling her mind at the possibilities she excitedly asked "_Sonovians_? like you and my sisters?!? How did they get there!? Are they coming back!?" Laughing, her mother told her "oh Neta, they flew up there, some come back when they can" more laughing, she loved her mothers laugh. "there are no younglings though" she informed her small racing mind "Oh? Can I ever go there?" her voice small next to her mother's vibrant tone. "Maybe you will, one day" her mother replied, the smile and laughing gone from her voice. "why only me?" she had hugged her mother as she spoke, sad now for reasons she did not know. "One day, when you are grown you will be able to decide if you wish to live on the great moon. I choose my place to be here, to be your mother" There was so much warmth in her mothers voice, it had made her confused and very sad "I don't want to grow up and choose" she had said finally. Mother smiled again "When you are the age of choosing, you will think differently" Her mother promised to teach Neta more about _E'repadie_ one day, and she remembered only happiness from the rest of that caldex cycle.

On the first caldex her 8th adex Neta's mother told her she was beginning the age of learning, and that her and her sisters would be called in early from the parks to begin their lessons. When she called her home instead of going inside her mother lead her around the outside they stopped in the middled of one of the stone paths, just when Neta was about to ask if they were waiting for something the stone path dropped away in front of them and became stairs leading underneath their home, her mother went down first and Neta followed.


when her mother would teach her about the universe, and what her place in it was. Their home had a small auditorium and while Neta sat and listened on the first day of learning, her mother told Neta "As a _Sonovia_ your mind and body can change to meet any challenge as you become able to learn more, I will teach you more"

Teach her she did.

They began with the nature and properties of the things that made up _Daratia_, taking frequent trips into the surrounding bogs and forests to learn of the plants and animals there. On one such trip Neta met the first of her brothers for the first time. "Your bothers grow much larger than us" she had once told her while explaining their role as care takers of the automatons that brought them food and took away things they did not need anymore. Their trip took them through a park close to their home and one of her brothers was studying something along a path, from far away he had looked almost normal size, but up close she could see that her mothers head barely came above his knee. "Hello Thora" the giant had said with a voice to match his presence "Hello Shem, this is Neta my daughter" as a _Sonovian_ Neta feared little, but she was nervous and found it hard to meet his large eyes "Hello" she finally managed. Shem asked "Have you started the age of learning yet?" "Yes" she replied "You are the first of her brothers she has met" her mother added. "Ah" Shem knelt so that his head was a much closer height to Neta's "I am Shem Poe" he continued "my brothers and I are fixing an automaton array, you won't likely see us around unless something breaks, and that rarely happens" Shem said with a smile and a wink. Neta didn't know what to make of all of it, but she liked her brother Shem and smiled back.

"Why are they so big?" Neta had asked. They had left the park, and began to walk back towards their home. "They were made that way, just as we were made to be like we are" Neta thought a moment and said "Why are we so small?" after awhile her mother responded "the _Jin Mat'aridix_, made our brothers to be large and strong, they tend to be peaceful, and natural builders and engineers...." She told them the _Sonovia_ brothers where called _Sim'aratta_ and the sisters where called _Vet'herad_ her _Sonovian_ mind effortlessly remembering the new information. ".....the _Vet'herad_, like you and me are blessed with courage, and our nature is that of a hunter and a leader...as I hope you will be one day" Neta was confused "A hunter? why would I need to hunt anything?" "You would never need to for yourself, but for those that need it, in the _Erappa_, when we start to learn about the creatures among the stars I will teach you more Neta" she said, smiling now "I need to teach you some more vocabulary before then" she told her "Ok" Neta responded, only slightly disappointed "After we learn some more on the properties of the elements we will begin to learn about the stars" her mother assured her. "Do we come from the _Jin Mat'aridix_?" Neta asked after awhile "what do you mean come from?" They had just learned about life cycles and Neta's mother knew where this was going. "Are we born from them?" Neta asked? "No...we are born in something like the birds in our trees, but instead of growing in an egg, we are grown in a machine" They had come next to a hill and her mother lead them to the top and pointed to a shiny place on the horizon. "Over there in the city is a place called _Vuri Cata_ and it is where you were born. After Neta's eyes adjusted and focused on the spot her mother pointed to she could begin to make out shiny needles poking into the sky and tiny moving dots among them. "I was born there? That is a city?" asked Neta she had learned the word _city_ recently "Yes, it's called _Jol_ it is the largest city in _Daratia_. You spent 4 adex in the _Vuri Cata_, we are given many gifts and our bodies take longer than most other species to be born" As they walked back to their home, Neta asked her mother everything she could about the city of _Jol_, and the _Vuri cata_, she did not understand most of her mother's answers to the later.

Neta's days started with only small lessons, and gradually her mother began to teach her arts, and while Neta's mind began to grasp the laws of nature, she also learned how to create and experiment.


"Are you looking forward to learning about the stars Neta?" mother asked her on the start of the 2nd caldex of the 8th kaydex in her 3rd adex of learning, she very much did look forward to it. "Yes! Shurae still says the great moon is red because there spilt _grod_ berries everywhere I don't think she really believes it anymore though" her mother seemed amused at Neta's sister Shurae, but did not miss the opportunity to test her daughter "and why would you think she is now doubting her...interesting hypothesis?". "organic materials do not persist, sunlight would have bleached the red out long ago" Neta responded. "but what if there was an unlimited source of _grod_ juice" her mother returned, Neta wrinkled her nose while trying to imagine what could supply so much smelly _grod_ juice "I don't think so" Neta half giggled. "Well you are right" her mother said "You've always loved _E'repadie_, we will start there with your first lessons of the great void" When mother began to teach Neta, she had listed the most important things she would learn about, one was _the old truth_, and the other was _the great void_. Her mother had told her, once she began, she would never stop adding to her knowledge of those things.

The observatory of their home had 12 seats like the auditorium, and similar displays, but next to the main display was what her mother told her was "the command console for this observatorium". She began the lesson and a live image of _E'repadie_ appeared on the main display, much larger and up close than Neta had ever seen "_Daratia_ has two moons, _Isiopophie_, which always shows the same face, and _E'repadie_ which spins twice as fast as _Daratia_" "Here and on those moon are all _Sonovia_, but just as we are not the only living things on _Sonovia_ there are different beings in the void" she spoke while images from tall spider like beings to squat multi-legged creatures scrolled on one of the observatory displays.


The moons, along with the world they stood on, had been placed to be where they are now Neta learned ".....the _Ogion Da'tumix_ placed _E'repadie_ there 41 metadex ago...." and before that she told her, _E'repadie_ had been one of many moons of machines orbiting a planet of machines.











"The _Eternal Alliance_ protects the worthy and it is the _Oro Grappa_ that raises the warriors that protect" said the statue's plaque, Neta Domiata was standing in front of the _Voro Gata_ temple on the moon _E'repadie_ which orbited the _Sonovian_ homeworld of _Daratia_.

"Iron is abundant and strong, "





The _Oro Grappa_ serves the _Ogion_ guardianship by producing and fielding its warriors. Individuals are recruited and transcripted from all _race-lines_ within the _Eternal Alliance_.
