The war platform had landed and was walking on its five legs towards the enemy bastion. Massive sky fortresses hung from arms that attached to a central hub and reached out to the armored legs. Each sky fortress was a massive slab of armor and weaponry, with legions of soldiers and pilots. On the central superstructure there was large short cannon aimed at the horizon, and reaching out above it on either side were two macro plasmag slug cannons "...main contact, phase lock...set for proton overload, tachyon drain, preparing to fire" the forward sky battlements parted and exposed the central cavernous cannon maw shimmering the air with heat. The ancient bastion was shielded with nigh unbreakable _false gravitic_ shields. They were so formidable Master Column Commander Soto Hi'te was not going to even bother with breaking them. "...firing..." a massive roar accompanied a blue incandescent energy that shot from the war-platform's main weapon and into the bastion's shields, they with energy cackled but held as they had for a million adex. This was a different siege though, as both charged particles built up, and potential energy was drained from the immortal shield the cackling began to intensify and even cause arcs between the high battlement tops and the bastion's shields, just as it started to also begin to arc downward and unto the bastion walls below...they had been untouched for countless aeons. The main weapon fire was unceasing and soon arcs began to reach the buildings and streets below the high bastion walls, and smoke began to billow above the besieged city.

This enemy was unprepared and naive, they had ruled the local dovospan for millions of adex, thousands of generations knew of them as the apex power, what they did not know is that their tyranny had finally caused them to harm the _eternal alliance_. The inhabitants of the bastion called themselves the _Rotuk_ and this was the seat of their vast empire. A supply convoy had been destroyed by them, and the exploration colony that the convoy had been going to resupply had been captured and claimed for the _Rotuk_. Within a ritodex the war platform _Star Empress_ was dispatched to the _Rotuk_ seat of power, appearing in orbit above them and already descending before they even knew they were being invaded, their vast armies and fleets where many interdexi if not caldexi away. It would not have much mattered if they were all here, the blades of the Archons cut true through all armor.

Commander Soto was starting to see signs of panic in the enemy city, adding to the plumes of smoke now, were the burning bodies of those that had been caught outside and struck down by the ever increasing energy potential between the ground, and the bastion shield in the sky. Bolt after bolt of electric energy stuck the building of the city at slow but increasing rate. "The enemy has ascertained our strategy"

The bastion inhabitants likely did not know their fate if they did not shut down their shield...it was harder to say if it would make a difference to them if they did know, they still had some vanity somewhere thought Soto. If they dropped their shields before suffering to much damage they could mount a counter-attack. So he had 30 fire teams mission ready, one for each main defense tower of this enemy stronghold, one strike team to counter their elite forces, a void striker with high priority target, and 4 reserve strike teams ready to deploy anywhere into the city within 10 inex...once the shield was down.
