## The Harvest

The _Skregi Xi'to_ lived in the outer planets of the _Um Traca_ system. The central star _Serra_ was rare, in that it hosted four planets on which liquid water flowed which were known as the _Astok Cradles_. The first cradle, which was the closest to _Serra_, was called _Sed'odorem_ and was a hot world with with vast jungles and oceans at its poles, and inhospitable.

There are four inner planets which host life and are inhabited by the enslaved _Hek'treem_. The _Hek'treem_ practice a religion called _Dremeem_

In their mythology, their god created a master race called the _Argesh'tonn_ that once inhabited the largest and most fertile of the four planets called _Sed'odorem_. The _Argesh'tonn_ created a beautiful society were everything was in it place according the doctrines of _Drem_ for they believed that only by following the codex of _Drem_ could balance and peace be maintained. Eventually _Drem_ called his holy people to the fertile planets of the _Um Traca_ system, for _Drem_ had ordained them the masters of the universe in his image. It was on the first planet called _Od'tregat_ which they colonized they discovered the ancestors of the _Hek'treem_ the _Obalos_. The _Obalos_ were primitive compared to the _Argesh'tonn_ and the _Argesh_ at first sought to show them the way of _Drem_, but when that failed, they simply sought to subvert and disperse them. The other planets in their fertile system were called _Seda'atrata_, and _Ro'heke_, and it was to them that _Obalos_ were sent to make room for the growing _Argesh_ settlements and cities on _Sed'odorem_. It was against the codex of _Drem_ to slaughter sentient life, as all sentience was said to have been created by _Drem_, and so the _Obalos_ were displaced and subverted and the _Argesh_ could say that the had not killed any _Obalos_, even though a great many would die because the _Argesh_ coveted their resource rich land.

The _Obalos_ also had a religion, which the _Argesh_ declared a creation of _Drel Nu_ (the enemy and antithesis of _Drem_) made to mislead the _Obalos_ into barbarism and paganism, these _Obalos_ were not protected by the codex of _Drem_ and were subject to execution if they did not swear loyalty to _Drem_ and the _Argesh_. Many bloody battles were fought on _Od'tregat_, the _Obalos_ carrying out hit and run attacks on the _Argesh_.

The _Argesh'tonn_ never learned about balance, and their technology was like any other, in that, the more advanced and miraculous it is, the more energy must be harvested for them to work. The once fertile world of _Sed'odorem_ was eventually ruined, its skies permanently cloaked in a noxious fog. The clans and families of _Argesh_ society had always carried out wars agains eachother, but as resources became more scarce on their homeworld, the battles became more fierce. Plans were made for a final exodus from their ancestral homeworld, but it was to never happen. Fundamentalist clans that believed they should not abandon the sacred world which was said to be the birthplace of _Drem_ wagged wars so fierce that what little was left fight for was soon burned and ruined. The _Argesh_ on _Od'tregat_ were left stranded and were eventually overwhelmed by the _Obalos_ warrior clans of _Od'tregat_. Before the last _Argesh_ spaceport fell, they were able to launch an experimental explorer ship laden with all of the _Argesh'tonn_ knowledge and technology that could fit, it was bound for one of the other habitable worlds, but never made it. The pilots were not skilled and the giant ship went off course and was eventually captured by the gravity of the gas ice giant _Tepacur_ in the outer _Um Traca_ system.

To the _Argesh'tonn_ this was a test and ordeal sent to them from _Drem_. After hundreds of generations of living on the ice giant moons and orbital platforms they constructed, they once again reached into the void, having mastered and improved on the knowledge of their ancestors, and with a new codex of _Drem_ compiled by the survivors of their self inflicted doom, they now called them themselves the _Skregi Xi'ro_. The generations of _Obalos_ did not stay static either, they reverse engineered the technology that was left behind on _Od'tregat_, in fact many of the same _Obalos_ that watched the _Argesh'tonn_ flee into space, also watched the first _Obalos_ piloted rocket reach past the sky which they thought the limit of creation before the _Argesh'tonn_ came down from it.

Eventually the _Obalos_ sailed the void to nearby _Ro'heke_ and established settlements to cooperate with their exiled cousins who had come to call themselves the _E'tagon_. The _Obalos_ showed the _E'tagon_ all they had learned from the _Argesh'tonn_ and together they worked to reach the rest of their long lost cousins on _Ro'heke_. Using the same _Argesh'tonn_ interplanetary shuttle designs they reached they skies of _Ro'heke_ within a generation of the first reunion. On _Ro'heke_ they had also been also isolated since exile, and had begun to call themselves
the _Ut'ol'tok_ and like the other two splinter races had formed a distinct culture that remained very similar to the original _Obalos_.

The _Obalos_, _E'tagon_, and _Ut'ol'tok_ together formed and _Semshe'ol Xu'ae_ (alliance of the three cousins), and for a time knew peace and some prosperity. Then the _grey wraiths_ came and darkened the skys over the _Obalos_ with their black galleons. Now a race made experts of the void in the unforgiving black cold of the outer _Serra_ system, they now called themselves the _Skregi Xi'to_. They strategically destroyed all remnants of the _Argesh'tonn_, and then burned every repository of knowledge and history.

According the the codex of _Drem_ the descendants of the _Obalos_, the _Hek'treem_ Must tithe to the _grey wraiths_ to atone for the destruction of the ancient _Argesh'tonn_ society. Every orbital cycle of _Sed'odorem_, was also known as the _harvest cycle_ to the _Hek'treem_, and every _harvest cycle_ the black galleons would come to the skies of the _Hek'treem_. Each planet took a turn every harvest cycle, from the planet closest to _Serra_ which was _Sed'odorem_ to the farthest which was _Seda'atrata_, when it was their turn they were to give as many _Hek'treem_ to the grey wraiths as they wanted.

Smaller ships would often separate from the black galleons and hunt on their own for _Hek'treem_ which met whatever specification they had been charged to find, some _Hek'treem_ did not go peacefully, despite the grey wraiths habit of also taking, or outright killing the families of those that resisted.

No _Hek'treem_ was spared, the grey wraiths appetite included young and old, strong and weak.
