"Bring up a gravitic scan of this system!....calibrate for course to there...they've run into a dead end....we've got'em" Ray'heta enhanced voice commanded while highlighting the areas he spoke of on his navigation console. Their quarry had made a second mistake (the first being to flee in the direction of the core sector) and now Ray'heta knew exactly where they had to translate into real space next. The _Neris Light_ had been chasing a rogue corsair frigate suspected of piracy for almost two ritodex (~20 days) from jump to jump, system to system. The rogue must have something very valuable Ray'heta suspected. It had been making jumps franticly even before the corsair detected they were being tracked by the _Neris Light_.

Of the many things Ray'heta was commissioned for one the most profitable was the ancient profession of pirate hunting. Ray'heta had no illusions that the protectorate saw little difference between a privateer and a rouge and it was for this reason that privateers like himself were remunerated well for hunting their kin.

Their quarry was a capable space farer, but super luminal travel is treacherous and limited by the navigation capabilities of the superluminal craft. Ray'heta had outfitted the _Neris Light_ with a hyper-entanglement interferometer array - an enormously expensive technology - which allowed them to safely jump twelve stardex (~lightyears) in charted space, and up to two in uncharted space, they knew the jump limit for the corsair was at most eight stardex in known space and less than one in unknown space. The command cartel of the _Neris Light_ had advised Ray that the corsair may be fleeing combat and may have suffered command casualties to explain its unusual course.

"There! There!" Ray said pointing to area devoid of planets "Ive got you!...ahhhh...they must translate here" the location he pointed to made the most sense as it had an unobstructed view of next system, and was devoid of bodies which could cause them to fail to translate from hyper to real space, but is was also a very large place. One of his command crew spoke up "were in this clearing should we wait?" Ray turned to face the source of the query...it was an under adjutant named Liber Ahi "ahhhh yesss adjutant Ahi... Such a large vacuum it seems they could safely drop to...but it is not so large really" he turned back to the display as he spoke.

Few had ever seen Ray without their mirrored helmet, but if they could now, they would see Ray's four eyes following the lines of gravitation in the target system and lining them up with the known course of the corsair. "you see.....their navigator will set them in place where the gravity of the main star is perpendicular to their course...." His lower arms worked the controls as his upper hands traced predicted course lines "...we know they must jump to here" he said as he pointed to the displayed system "it is the only place close enough for their little sensors...ha!, and from here they must go to the next closest place..as they are doomed to! haha...." as he spoke a circle appeared on the navigation display and hovered over a point of light "...and they must be aligned just so...since we also know which direction they must enter the gravity well of this system...there is only one such navigation node available to them..."

On the display, at the intersection of several imaginary lines and in the most empty part of that space, an eight pointed cross hair marked a spot. "...here we shall wait...when they translate...the _Neris Light_ will be there to give them a bargain...ha...hahahaha" there were a few chuckles at his joke, Ray had a special kind of humor that only a few of his crew understood. But he was not their lord admiral for his humor, he was their lord admiral because he brought in the pay and now with a potentially valuable bounty within reach his crew moved quickly to ready the ship for its jump. "Regi'atam...you think their captain is dead?" Ray addressed one of his aides-strata that had put forward the theory of why they kept such an unusual course so close to protectorate controlled sectors. "Yes lord admiral" he responded "ahhh, ahhhh, so you say..." Ray mused "...do you doubt my theory my lord?" Regi'atam asked

"I do not know....I feel...I feel...the captain is not dead...but is not well...at first..I said to myself...that they 'must have something valuable'....but now...I feel they are afraid"
"afraid of us?"
"us? ha...hahahah...no...something else has made them sacred enough to run from the safety of the lawless lands" as he talked one of his hands pointed to the edge of the display at the area marked _Erappa_, and made a line to the other edge area marked _Core sector Emhetra_ "...and run to, what is for them...a dangerous place. What I feel...is troubling me...I feel that the rogue captain has more fear of the _Erappa_, than of the protectorate"

------------------------------------------

Zemo never liked this world..._Nexi_ it was called. Things had always been odd at this port of call...little things. Mag compasses were mostly useless, even though they shouldn't be, and gear that was normally reliable had to be constantly reset. All forms of coms were unreliable, plagued with static, and prone to channels crossing. And if that was not enough reason to be wary of this place, this system was a mere two jumps to the Ogion protectorate frontier markers and the demons beyond.

The people here called them selves the _Dereese_ and they said it was not always like this, they said the strangeness started around 20 adex (~years) ago...their scientists and researchers had never been able to solve the mystery, and instead they coped...and built their tech to be as stable as it could. Zemo also found the people here odd...and he had wondered if that had not always been as well.

All of that oddness could not explain their behavior now...they had locked down that city in which Zemo's ship had landed, the captain had ordered all hands back to prep to flee if needed...regardless of items unsold which he ordered left on the landing deck. Some rookie corsairs might think the captain dumb or cowardly...to them he would say, if he cared to say it, "that is the only way a rogue corsair could live as long as the captain...and being prepared to run lightly in space is always wise..."...if he cared to say it.

On the bridge they watched their sensor monitors as the _Dereese_ fleet massed above their homeworld, the captain ordered Zemo to tap into the surveillance feeds and find out what has happening. Zemo went to his station and worked quickly, the _Dereese_ did not have a mind for security and he hacked their surveillance network with ease. "I'm through" Zemo said through his translator "look in the western continents..." the captain ordered. Zemo started going through feeds...they were not organized in any way many were dead static...some were of warehouses, some on streets...all seemed normal. Zemo cycled through hundreds of feeds...warehouse after warehouse...some common areas, and more dead signals. At almost his two hundredth feed reconnect Zemo saw something strange, it was a feed from a tower overlooking a market area, uniformed soldiers were herding the shopping crowd and clearing the market. "captain, you should see this" as the captain walked over the wail of sirens from outside began building and reached its crescendo when the captain looked over Zemo's shoulder to see what the found.

Down one of the streets that the soldiers were herding the citizens into, a commotion broke out. At the end of the street a pink mist rose and panic became visible as it moved through the crowd in the street and then into the soldiers, a commander could be seen organizing them into a line. After a few seconds Zemo and the captain realized what the pink mist was. "FULL POWER TO THE ENGINES NOW!! We take off NOW!!" the captain roared.

Zemo couldn't believe what he was seeing. The mist spilled into the street, horrified and screaming _Dereese_ disappearing into it, sometimes Zemo thought he could see them being pulled in or lifted slightly just before vanishing, their faces going from horror to mortal pain. As it got closer the mist seemed to contain glints of metal that appeared and disappeared, behind the mist was a scene of bloody slaughter.

------------------------------------------------------------


Ray had a custom body he had commissioned from a gene weaver. He was in a bipedal form with four arms and an elongated head with four eyes. They had ordered their body adapted to their exo suit and almost all that knew Ray, knew his face as the mirrored face shield on his helmet.

He had been born as a male, and would sometimes still refer to themselves as such, but the body they inhabited now, was both male and female and had special....almost forbidden _Genex extriatia_ organs which could assimilate alien genetic material.
