Shresta Void colony, the Gemi'holon galaxy, Emhetra sector, Bara'tex system

The border systems of the _Erappa_

As their shuttle thrusters fired to alter course, Getta'tai and Regma'tai were pushed hard into their seats and Regma had to fight for breath. "this wasn't as good idea, you are going too fast...our orbit is too low....we're going to get fined again" Regma'tai complained to her mate and partner "hmpf..whatever" replied Getta'tai as he worked the shuttle controls with his slender and dark chen gara hands "you knew if we got stuck behind that _Semlous_ freighter we could of been floating in mag lock for another ritodex (~11 days)..." Regma left it at that and went back to monitoring the shuttle instruments, if something was going to fail it would be now. A cold death was as close as misjudgment or bad luck and Regma's first father had always said, he also said not to add distracting arguments that list of hazards, especially when they could be settled later.

It was a ritodex (~11 days) travel from the moon of _Vetma'rahd_ to its parent gas giant, _Shresta_ was the name the local people had given it long ago. The cold journey was made bearable with company (A _chen gara_ should never meet the void alone)* as long as you could keep from arguing too much with them that is. Regma agreed with the old void-borne saying,

Getta powered down the thrusters and their shuttle settled into its final path to intercept their destination, the mega city _Shresta Primatt_ which orbited _Shresta_, the planet which gave it its name. _Shresta_ itself was a large, hot ball of gas with more than a hundred moons in the _Bara'tex_ star system. When the ancestors of Getta and Regma first floated to this world they knew it to be a special place, with moons that were bountiful in metals and ices of all varieties and a powerful magnetic field....everything a _chen gara_ (peta'megi, 'star borne') needed to thrive and build and their great works.

In addition to plentiful resources, the gas giant burns with radiation, Regma could feel it like a low, cold tingle giving vigor to her bones. Like other void borne species the _chen gara_ had adapted to the powerful cosmic fields which permeate the endless vacuum, what would cause sickness in a planet bound species, gives the void borne energy for life.

"looks we are in range of the supply net signal..." Getta said, without responding Regma powered up the radio antennas and receivers, and downloaded the latest manifests from the logi guilds on the station... "We have a signal they have everything we need it looks like" Regma said as she scanned the guild inventories, there did not seem to be any fresh _lemote_ fruit like she had hoped... "not much fresh fruit though" she said to Getta, making her smooth dark angular face disappointed. "agh, I'm sorry Regma...sorry for "

As had become their habit over the 20 adex (~20 years) they had made this journey, once they had a enough com signal to get data streams Getta attempted to raise the station landing towers "...Shresta tower this is cargo shuttle _Setak'tai_ on apoapsis intercept, requesting berthing in supply guild..." After the fourth try the _Shresta_ landing authority responded "We see you shuttle _Setak'tai_ at ten interum (1000 seconds) to mag lock, twelve interum to descent...cutting it close shuttle _Setak'tai_..." the station continued with instructions to prepare to for docking and, to Regma's relief no mention of his high speed maneuver.

_Shresta Primatt_ is a massive, ancient construct of steel and stone finished white. It had been orbited by the ancestors of Getta and Regma nearly five tekadex (~5k years) ago. The original station had a circumference of ten tekudex with enough centrifugal habs to house a hundred thousand _chen gara_. Over time like many other bastions of the void borne, it had grown as needs and populations grew. Now _Shresta Primatt_ is home to millions of souls and its circumference had grown a hundred fold.

It was a amalgamation of spinning hab sectors, shipyards, foundries, and bustling trade hubs, all inhabited by _chen gara_ and hundreds of other races and species. As more sections were added, tall spires were also built, and those spires were eventually connected and on them were built more towers and platforms, on which were built workshops and subtrade sectors, and on top of those...even taller spires.

It is one of the best examples of a void borne "space mega city" and Regma felt a buzz of pride in her ancestors that built the _Shresta Primatt_. They had written the station's motto deep below the spires and foundries in the original section's hull, on a platinum plate etched in diamond and gold, _"In the sky of Shresta this station shines, until the frontier breaks"_.

When viewed from above in a higher orbit, it resembles a scalloped plate floating across the brown, red, and white clouds of _Shresta_, or a flower-shaped cookie floating in tea with cream. Viewed from below it appears as it is, a massive city floating in the stars with hundreds of towers reaching 20 or 30 tekudex (~30-45 miles) into space from the flat main station.

As the _Setak'tai_ approached from below and the station moved into the shadow of _Shresta_ its sunset bathed the bottom of the station in deep red. As Regma watched the artificial night overtake the brilliant red and the station lights lit up in its wake, she reached across the the cockpit and held Getta's hand. He grasped back and smiled...it was a rare and beautiful sight that they had only witnessed a handful of times. "I'll take that as good luck" Getta said, Regma was reminded of the old _chen gara_ saying _"There is much beauty and hardship in the void, it is not good to meet either alone"_.

-----------------------------------------------------------------
