Ganto was a team sport, that could wind up a one on one match. It was times like those that Prix excelled. It was the final regional match of the season, the winner would go on to the kingdom championship. The opposing team had lead for most of the match, dispatching 4 of her 9 team mates within moments of the first round. It had then been a grueling 5 minutes as her team —the Sen'Lon Comet-stars— regrouped and fought hard to match the Fara'Het Dragons kill for kill, point for point; and then Prix turned the tide, knocking out all but one of the Dragons. The match was now mats'vie —a final one on one match, no time limit. The final Fara'Het Dragon heard his teammates demise and had doubled back a long way to try to out flank an attack by the final Comet-star. But Prix —who had been nicknamed Ez'Rapta after the fierce mountain tigers— would not be outflanked.

Neither Prix or the final Dragon could hear the roaring crowd from beyond the battle-dome; they could not hear the chants of "Rapta! Rapta! Rapta!" as Prix stalked the Dragon. Over the chants of the cheering of the crowd, an amplified voice called out the action of the match ensuring that all would feel this drama, "The dragons have been slain by the tiger! A fight as old as time! Who will prevail! The Great dragon, or the cunning Tiger?!". The dragon moved quietly, listening for Ez'Rapta —and heard nothing. Then, as he turned to loop around his original path, he heard her land behind him. He ducked as he spun, her club whooshing through the air were his head had been. He continued his spin and struck blindly at her attacking hand, landing the blow. She growled as her club bounced off the ground. The dragon seized on the opportunity and raised his own club while closing the distance to Ez'Rapta, not seeing the hollow metal ganto ball in her hand. Before his first charging step hit the ground the ball struck him between the eyes, stunning him for a split second, he could not react to Prix grabbing his club wrist, stepping behind him and throwing him to the ground; all breath left him as he struck the ground. He could see the killing blow coming with his own club; still struggling for breath, and anticipating a head blow, he closed his eyes. Ez'Rapta —mercifully— brought the club down on his chest-plate ending his, and his teams, match.

The Dome opened and the roaring of the crowd shook the Ganto battle grounds. As the match-ending kill, the final dragon had not been rendered unconscious; Prix offered her hand to him with words of sportsmanship, "That was a really good strike, I almost thought you had me." The dragon met her eyes, "Thank you for not going for a head blow." The dragon left to rejoin his rising teammates, Prix's own teammates had regained consciousness and were swarming her. The amplified voice recounted the drama of the last seconds of the match, "The vaunted skill of the dragons has encountered the fearless master of combat Ez'Rapta..."
